================================================================================
DR. SANJIV'S FISHBOWL KNOWLEDGE BASE
================================================================================

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/11/2025 6:04:28
Subject: what is at stake
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

What is at stake is who gets the A and a Letter of Recommendation (describing your skills in the age of AI) when requested by the organization you are applying to. Furthermore, you can show your work of generating knowledge and a knowing in the age of AI. 

You will understand why this is important and a global concern. It could help you secure a job when people are being laid off.

I will remind you below of what I've said repeatedly. This is not feedback on the correct answer, but a reminder of what you have been googling all semester. Could you put it into practice? That is the question of the day.

Please see the two postings below by a student whom I considered for an A and who is also a co-author on the Abstract. However, these postings don’t warrant an A, so please take heed. 

Please keep my comments below in mind when you complete your four-sentence assignment and when you do the Final. 

Sanjiv

Assignment:

1.

"A society has no chance of success if its women are uneducated.”

This opening sentence is weak for apparent reasons. There is little that anyone can learn or realize by generating text. The sentence you select must be complex and reflect your desire to learn something you do not know. When you start with a sentence like that, you are no longer in the A category. It falls into the "ouch" and "oh no" categories.

2.

Society: humanity, people, civilization, public

Chance: opportunity, luck, fate, possibility

Success: determination, growth, resilience, promotion

Uneducated: uninformed, unaware, naive, inexperienced, untrained

 

By selecting at least two words from this word pool, take them further by opening them up, again and again.

These two words must not relate to each other whatsoever. DISPARATE words. You are creating a dichotomy and constructing a structure that is unrelated to the original structure but lies within its domain.

For example, Determination and Civilization are unrelated. Trying to relate them and to engage in a felt experience would be a worthwhile challenge. You can only do so by taking these words further and further until a simple sentence structure emerges. This will make the felt experience easier and authentic.

3.

I think that some words are irreplaceable in certain sentence contexts. For example, “fate” isn’t an ideal replacement for “chance” because the context is about opportunity, not destiny, and “success” can’t be replaced by “promotion” because it refers to overall achievement, not career advancement.

You are not looking for ideal replacements. You are trying to create something meaningful for your audience.

4.

"Humanity has no opportunity for resilience if its women are unaware.”

The words "humanity," "opportunity," and "resilience" need to be simplified. I really don’t know what they mean, and I believe neither do you.

5.

I haven't really experienced this before. This quote is from the famous book A Thousand Splendid Suns by Khaled Hosseini, which tells the story of the lives of two Afghan women, Mariam and Laila, whose paths cross amid decades of war, oppression, and social upheaval in Afghanistan. Despite the suffering they endure not only from their abusive husband but also from a society that oppresses women, as well as from starvation and brutality, their bond becomes a source of courage and resistance. Through Mariam and Laila's empowerment, Hosseini shows that society's endurance depends on the awareness, education, and strength of its women. Through the quote and the book, I've learned the importance of education and awareness, which help women not only develop their strengths but also recognize their own value.

As a woman, you must give a personal example and a lived experience of the above. Empower your text. As a man, your text would be a cliché and lack sincerity.

6.

I realized that there are many synonyms you can use to paraphrase, and it’s up to you whether you change only the words or restructure the whole sentence while keeping the same meaning. However, it doesn’t mean that people can replace words as much as they want, because paraphrasing isn’t simply about replacing one word with another; it also requires understanding the tone, context, and purpose of the sentence.

I want to emphasize that this is not what you are doing. You are creating new ground by venturing into the unknown. You’ve taken off from the original context. Please keep this in mind. It is like making a painting where you are not copying the original but using it to develop a new expression. Look up Impressionism and Cubism.

Assignment:

1. Structural form

"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.”

Again, such an open structure is unlikely to yield many findings or results. Think of yourself as a leader facing a large audience who are smarter than you are.

2. Word pool

Matter: importance, significance, value, issue

Slowly: steadily, calmly, gently, gradually

Stop: break, give up, quit, end

To challenge one's thinking, I would make a dichotomy between significance and calmness. They are unrelated, and opening them and constructing a sentence could yield a new thought.

3. Re-structure

The importance lies not in how steadily you move, but in the fact that you don’t quit.

I like this one! I would substitute "importance" with "significance" and open it up to replace it.

4. Felt experience

Whenever I face peer pressure and see successful people on the internet making a lot of money, I start doubting myself. I wonder if I’m not trying hard enough or if I’m simply not good enough. Give an example. Those thoughts really tear me down and make me feel bad about myself. Give an example. But now I’ve learned that every individual has a different path and a different background, and I don’t need to compare myself to anyone because we are all different. Give an example. As long as I can see the results and recognize the progress I’ve made, I know I’m moving in the right direction for my future. Give an example. And it doesn’t matter if the progress is slow; I can achieve my goals as long as I keep going. Give an example.

The key to conveying a felt experience is to provide a lived example rather than more theory. You are looking at your past and not your future as to what you should do.

5. Reduce

"Importance"

I chose "importance" as a word that reflects what I've learned in my young adult life. The word emphasizes the essence of your journey and your insight. It reminds me that what truly matters is the experience, the persistence, and the progress, not competition, not comparison. When facing peer pressure, importance tells me to focus on persistence and the journey.

Again, significance is a better word.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/2/2025 12:49:00
Subject: Picasso's cubism and doing the fishbowl
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Picasso’s Cubist structures (please Google) break an object apart into its components so that we can see it from multiple perspectives at once—front, side, inside, and outside collapsed into a single image. This deliberate fragmentation is not destruction; it is a method of revealing hidden relationships, assumptions, and tensions. The Fishbowl’s method of deconstruction works in the same spirit. When you take a text, idea, or statement and pull it apart—examining key words, shifting sentence structures, and interrogating what is said and what is unsaid—you are doing what Picasso did on the canvas. You refuse the single viewpoint. By rearranging, reframing, and questioning each element, you expose deeper meanings and make the familiar strange again. Just as Picasso’s fractured forms allow us to understand an object more fully than a traditional painting ever could, the Fishbowl’s deconstruction (please Google Derrida) enables learners to understand concepts more thoroughly than surface reading ever permits. Both practices turn breaking into a higher form of seeing.

Please see Ali Al-Gburi’s assignment 6 below as an example.

Sanjiv 

COMPONENT, BREAK, COLLAPSE, PULL APART, SHIFT, EXPOSE, FRACTURE, FORM, SEE, DEEP, FAMILIAR, STRANGE

from the fishbowl...

alialgburi

Posts: 31

Joined: Wed Sep 03, 2025 2:09 pm

Contact: Contact alialgburi

Re: assignment 6

Post by alialgburi » Sun Nov 23, 2025 12:55 am

Original Sentence:

“We are all translators, turning the raw data of existence into a story we can live with.”

Word Pool:

Translators – interpreter, decoder, messenger, meaning-maker

Raw data – experience, sensation, input, chaos, life

Existence – being, life, reality, the world, consciousness

Story – narrative, myth, understanding, version, script

Live with – accept, endure, understand, cope, inhabit

Brainstorming Re-structures:

“We are meaning-makers, shaping the chaos of life into a bearable narrative.”

“To be human is to decode existence into a story we can endure.”

“We interpret the raw input of being into a myth we can inhabit.”

“Consciousness is the act of translating experience into understanding.”

Final Re-structure:

“To be human is to transform the chaos of being into a story we can inhabit.”

Experience:

I remember when my grandfather passed away, and my family began sharing stories about him. Each person remembered him differently—a hero, a joker, a quiet thinker. I realized we weren’t just recalling facts; we were each translating the complex man we knew into a narrative that helped us process our grief and keep him close. We were all making a version of him we could continue to live with. It wasn’t dishonest—it was human. It showed me that we don’t just tell stories; we use them to build a world we can bear to live in.

Possible Symbols:

A loom (weaving threads into a coherent fabric)

A filter (turning noise into signal)

A lighthouse (imposing order on a dark, chaotic sea)

A map (charting a path through unknown territory)

Chosen Symbol: A Loom

It represents the active, creative work of taking separate, tangled threads of experience and weaving them into a coherent, meaningful whole—a story with pattern and purpose.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/2/2025 6:18:56
Subject: Fishbowl extension until 3 pm, Wednesday December 17
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I hope you are well. I am writing to help you strengthen your work in the fishbowl so that you can set a strong example in the age of AI.

Final Deadline Extended:

Your final is now due at 3 pm on Wednesday, December 17.

We are now in the final phase of the semester. For those who need to catch up, remember that your grade rests on three components:

Vocabulary

Google Searches

Assignments

If you have done some work in each of these areas throughout the semester, you are likely in the B/B+ range.

To reach the A-/A range, I need to see clear evidence that your learning shows up as felt experiences in your writing.

I am also paying close attention to students who may receive straight A’s, because I will be writing letters of recommendation for graduate programs or job applications. My advice to those students is: review your postings and strengthen the felt experiences wherever possible. This is the deciding factor.

What Are Felt Experiences?

Form and content always go together—just like theory and practice.

In the fishbowl, we refer to this as structure and felt experience, and both must be visible.

Our method is traditional, and you may think of it as Lacanian (please Google it). You create a sentence structure, and then you place a felt experience within that structure. The structure creates a space; the experience fills it—just as text and image work together.

Your task is to improve your text, images, reflections, and overall meaning-making.

The key is: don’t be afraid to create new meaning. Leave old ideas behind by making new metaphors.

How to Do This (Step-by-Step)

Please follow these steps carefully:

Choose any paragraph from your Google searches.

Select any two words from the paragraph that are different enough to form a dichotomy.

Ask: How do these two words relate to each other, and how can they fit into a single sentence structure?

At this stage, you are an inventor and creator.

Build a word pool around the two words. Expand it freely. This widens your scope for new meaning.

From this word pool, create a sentence structure—a concise, general statement (an axiom or aphorism).

Then evoke a felt experience that fits your sentence structure.

This is the core of what many of you have struggled with. What's really important is how you evoke your felt experience through the steps above. This is essential in the age of Artificial Intelligence.

What You Must Submit by December 17

You now have until December 17 to complete all your work in the fishbowl.

To raise or secure your grade, please complete the steps above four times:

Create four dichotomies from your Google searches

Build four word pools

Write four sentence structures

Evoke four felt experiences

Consider this a challenge, a discovery process, and an opportunity to develop your own viewpoint.

You may post everything—including the four examples—up until December 17.

However, the final assignment will only be posted at 3 pm on December 17, not before.

If you need clarification, please don't hesitate to ask in the fishbowl. I am not policing you—I am trying to help you reach your full potential because I believe you can.

I wish you all the best. You will continue to hear from me, as I am always here to support you.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/1/2025 5:51:01
Subject: doing the final: understanding dichotomy vs. dimension (2)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Dichotomy vs. Dimension

A dichotomy divides a concept into two opposing and mutually exclusive categories, such as right/wrong or success/failure, and is therefore binary and simplifying. A dimension, by contrast, is a continuum along which qualities vary in degree, allowing for many intermediate positions. While dichotomies can help clarify contrasts, they often oversimplify; dimensions, on the other hand, capture nuance and complexity by highlighting gradations rather than oppositions.

1. Meaning

Dichotomy: A division into two mutually exclusive, opposite categories.

Example: good vs. evil, actual vs. false.

Dimension: A measurable aspect or continuum along which something varies.

Example: height, complexity, political ideology (from left to right).

2. Structure

Dichotomy: Binary; only two options exist.

Dimension: Continuous; many positions or gradations are possible.

3. Use in Analysis

Dichotomy: Simplifies by reducing complexity to two alternatives; useful for classification, but can be reductive.

Dimension: Captures variation and nuance; useful for describing ranges, spectra, and degrees.

4. Cognitive Implications

Dichotomy: Encourages “black-and-white” thinking; may hide middle positions.

Dimension: Encourages flexible thinking; acknowledges intermediate states.

5. Typical Disciplines

Dichotomy: Logic, rhetoric, politics, cultural criticism.

Dimension: Psychology (e.g., personality dimensions), physics, social sciences (e.g., socioeconomic status as a dimension).

Three examples that show how a dichotomy and a dimension work differently. 

Example 1: Success in School

Dichotomy: Successful vs. Unsuccessful

Students are classified into two groups, regardless of effort, progress, or context.

Dimension: Level of Academic Engagement

Students can fall anywhere on a continuum—from low to moderate to high engagement—capturing variation.

Example 2: Political Ideology

Dichotomy: Left vs. Right

Treats politics as two opposing camps, which oversimplifies real positions.

Dimension: Ideological Spectrum

Includes a range from far-left to center-left, center, center-right, and far-right, showing gradations.

Example 3: Emotional State

Dichotomy: Happy vs. Sad

Suggests only two emotional states.

Dimension: Affective Intensity

Emotions exist on a continuum from very negative to neutral to very positive, with many shades in between.

Please see the attached video regarding cultural differences.

Sanjiv

REDUCTIVE, GRADATION, EXCLUSIVE, CONTINUUM, VARIATION, NUANCE, OPPOSITE, BINARY, RANGE

att/

https://thelanguagenerds.com/2023/24-funny-illustrations-that-show-the-cultural-differences-between-the-east-and-the-west/

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/1/2025 4:41:40
Subject: doing the final: introducing dichotomy and dimension (1)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? Welcome back after Thanksgiving break. I hope you had a good one. In this letter, I would like to help you understand more, especially regarding the final assignment.

Please review the steps in the MGT 345 assignment: When restructuring from a word pool to make a new sentence structure, first create a dichotomy. I repeat, create a dichotomy. That is, select two words from the word pool that are opposite in meaning and, from that base, create a new sentence and a new meaning. Please make a note of this. I will be looking out for your dichotomies. The key factor in creating dichotomies is that the two words must be mutually exclusive and unrelated. And they should definitely not be adjectives, like good/girl. That is an ouch!

Indeed, you may further understand your Google searches by reducing them to a dichotomy and creating a new structure.

When reading a large text that you are trying to summarize or comprehend, it is a good idea to pull out two 

disparate words, then create a word pool from these two words, and construct a sentence. This is the heart of innovative thinking and leadership, in my opinion. Make it your practice in everything you read, and that comes across your screen, I mean, your desk!

In MGT 448, you are assessing where a sentence (words spoken in the films) reflects the value of a culture on Hofstede’s dimensions. Our words reflect our values.

Dichotomies and dimensions are central to our understanding. The distinguishing factor between the final assignment for Mgt 345 and Mgt 448 is the difference between dichotomy and dimension. I'll be sure to follow up on this.

 

At this point in the semester, I suggest revisiting my letters and the syllabus. To know what you are doing, why you are doing it, and how you are doing it.

Sanjiv

DICHOTOMY, DIMENSION, DISPARATE, DISTINGUISH, CONSTRUCT, CREATE, UNDERSTAND

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/25/2025 12:46:30
Subject: Final Assignment (MGT345) - Transnational Thinking
------------------------------------------------------------
Final Assignment — Transnational Thinking

Due: December 10 at 10 am NOT BEFORE, and posted in the Fishbowl 

Length/deliverables: FOUR final pithy sentences (aphorisms) + supporting text for each characteristic. See below.

Quick background 

According to Bartlett and Ghoshal, transnational businesses are characterized by a complex, networked structure that balances global integration and local responsiveness. Their key characteristics include a flexible organizational structure, global learning and innovation capabilities, and the ability to coordinate and control cross-border operations while adapting products for local markets. 

They argue that global businesses must be flexible, networked, and creative — not tied to old distinctions like ‘domestic’ vs ‘overseas’. Rosabeth Kanter’s idea (process over structure) complements this: collaboration and adaptive process matter more than fixed org charts. Your task is to experience the transnational traits through language, reflection, and iteration.

Four characteristics of successful transnational businesses:

1. Integrated networking structure

2. Dynamic decision-making

3. Adaptive coordination mechanisms

4. Unique innovation capabilities

Learning goals (what you should learn)

1. Understand the four core characteristics of transnational businesses.

2. Practice close, creative, and iterative word work to build meaning from language.

3. Connect an abstract organizational idea (your restructured sentence) to a concrete felt experience and express that insight concisely.

4. Develop reflective practice: how you create meaning and why that matters for organisational thinking.

Task overview (what to deliver)

1. A final aphorism: one pithy sentence that embodies each of the four transnational characteristics.

2. A supporting text (max 800 words) that shows your process: word-pool, iterations, one example of the feeling/context you described, and your final reflection.

Step-by-step instructions (clear and practical)

Step 1 — State the characteristic. (You will be doing all four characteristics.) 

Step 2 — Create a word pool (15–40 minutes)

For the chosen characteristic, collect 15–30 words/phrases from dictionaries, thesauruses, and relevant readings. Group them by sense (core words, metaphors, verbs, nouns, adjectives). Example for Integrated networking structure: network, hub, lattice, interlink, reciprocity, nodes, flow, mosaic, ecosystem, embedded, bridging, permeability, scaffolding, hub-and-spoke, mesh.

Step 3 — Expand/prune the word pool (20–40 minutes)

Evaluate your pool: remove weak fits; add deeper or rarer words if needed. Aim for a tight domain of 10–18 words that clearly convey the idea. Document why you kept or rejected at least 3 words.

Step 4 — Build sentence structures (iterative; 45–90 minutes total split across iterations)

Use your word pool to construct at least four candidate sentences. Try different approaches: declarative, imperative, metaphor, paradox, or question. Record each iteration and short notes on what changed and why.

Example candidates for an Integrated networking structure:

“A company is not a tower but a lattice: value travels on lines, not through walls.”

“Nodes that talk create edges that matter.”

(You must produce four candidates and show the iteration history.)

Step 5 — Connect to felt experience (30 minutes)

Pick one sentence (from Step 4) and write about a real past feeling or event that this sentence captures (150–250 words). This can be from the fishbowl, an internship, a team meeting, or any moment where the idea felt real. Be concrete: what happened, what you sensed, who was involved, and how the sentence maps to that moment.

Step 6 — Finalize and reflect (30 minutes)

Choose your final aphorism (one sentence). Then write a short reflection (150–250 words) answering:

What did you learn about the idea by doing this exercise?

How did the word work change your understanding?

Would this sentence change how you would act in a team or organization? If so, how?

Formatting & submission checklist

1. Title: State Characteristic (one line)

2. Word pool: list (10–18 words) + short note on 3 kept/rejected words (max 100 words)

3. Iterations: show at least 4 candidate sentences with 1–2 lines of commentary per candidate

4. Final aphorism: one clean sentence (standalone)

5. Felt experience: 150–250 words (labelled)

6. Reflection: 150–250 words

Assessment rubric (total 100 points)

Word pool quality & rationale — 20 pts

(Relevance, variety, and thoughtful pruning—10–18 final words; rationale for choices.)

Iteration evidence — 20 pts

(At least four candidates, clear changes, shows experimentation.)

Final aphorism & reflection — 20 pts

(Pithy, meaningful sentence + clear reflection on learning and application.)

Connection to felt experience — 20 pts

(Concrete example that convincingly maps to the sentence.)

Understanding of characteristic — 20 pts

(Clear, accurate description demonstrating core characteristics of Bartlett & Ghoshal/Kanter understanding.)

Late submissions: deduct 5% per day.

Helpful tips & examples

Be brave with metaphors. Metaphors often make abstract organizational traits vivid.

Iterate fast. The first sentences are drafts—keep moving and pruning.

Show your choices. The process is graded as much as the final sentence. Don’t hide dead-ends.

Example final aphorism for first characteristic:

“Organizations succeed when their parts behave like tributaries—separate yet flowing toward the same sea.”

No-nonsense wrap-up

This assignment is about making meaning—from theory, through words, into felt awareness, and back into practical insight. Think of it as training a muscle: the repeated, mindful use of words sharpens how you notice, describe, and act in organizations.

Good luck — have fun with the words. Keep hitting the ball! ⚽️ Impress me!

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/24/2025 4:44:20
Subject: FINAL ASSIGNMENT FOR MGT448 (INTL. CULTURAL DIMENSIONS)
------------------------------------------------------------
From: Sanjiv Dugal <sanjivdugal@uri.edu>

Subject: FINAL ASSIGNMENT (MGT448): watching words in their context

Date: November 24, 2025 at 10:05:56 GMT+5:30

To: Mark Byanski <mark.byanski@uri.edu>, Aiden Colburn <aiden_colburn@uri.edu>, Mathew Deion <mathewdeion2@uri.edu>, Jeana diNatale <jdinatale@uri.edu>, Alex Gamarra <alexgamarra@uri.edu>, Giselle Garcia <ggarcia@uri.edu>, Anna Geubtner <alo2911@uri.edu>, Trevor LeDuc <trevor_leduc@uri.edu>, Marianna Mancini <marmancini@uri.edu>, Alex Menke <alex_menke@uri.edu>, Shawn Nadeau <shawn.nadeau@uri.edu>, Bhavya Negi <bhavya_negi@uri.edu>, Caleb Newman <calebnewman7@uri.edu>, Kathy Santiago <ksantiago10@uri.edu>, Megan Taylor <megantaylor1377@uri.edu>, Declan Tevyaw <joseph_tevyaw@uri.edu>, Maycon Turquiz <maycon.turquiz@uri.edu>, Jase Viera <jase.viera@uri.edu>, Maria Villanueva <maria.villanueva@uri.edu>, Aiden Wine <aiden_wine@uri.edu>

Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Most of us interact with people from other cultures. We work in multinational and multicultural organizations. 

Cross-cultural misunderstanding is a much underestimated cause of trouble. If we do not acquire an awareness of our mutual differences, knowledge of basic cultural variables, and the skills to communicate effectively across boundaries, and the will to do so, our world is the worse for it.

We need to communicate effectively with people who were raised in ways utterly unlike our own. Logically, it takes three steps to do this, to be taken in chronological order. 

Awareness that we differ from each other in our social behavior and assumptions. 

Knowledge of our differences. 

Skills to communicate across our differences. 

Awareness, Knowledge, and Skills are the cornerstone for ‘bringing the contract home,’ so to speak!

1. Culture is a shared system of meanings. Please Google and define. 

For effective, stable, and meaningful interaction to occur, people must have a shared system of meaning. There must be some common ways of understanding events and behavior, and ways of anticipating how other people in your social group are likely to behave.

2. A value system refers to the set of principles and beliefs that guide an individual's behavior and decision-making.

Please Google and define the following: 

American Value System; 

Chinese Value System; and, 

Indian Value System.

3. Please Google Hofstede’s Dimensions of culture-related values.

Hofstede's cultural dimensions theory is a framework that explains how a society's culture shapes its members' values and how these values relate to behavior. Developed by Geert Hofstede, the theory analyzes six dimensions: 

a. power distance 

b. individualism vs. collectivism 

c. masculinity vs. femininity 

d. uncertainty avoidance

e. short-term vs. long-term orientation

f. restraint vs. indulgence

The framework provides a tool for understanding cultural differences in contexts like international business and cross-cultural communication. 

Please consider the following four dimensions of Hofstede, and be free to redefine them for your understanding:

a. Power Distance: The extent to which less powerful members of a society accept and expect that power is distributed unequally. 

b. Individualism vs. Collectivism: The degree to which individuals are integrated into groups. In individualistic societies, people are expected to be independent, while in collectivist cultures, individuals are integrated into strong, cohesive in-groups. 

c. Masculinity vs. Femininity: This dimension contrasts a society's emphasis on achievement and competition (masculinity) with one that emphasizes cooperation and caring for the weak (femininity). 

d. Uncertainty Avoidance: The degree to which members of a society feel uncomfortable with uncertainty and ambiguity. 

Final Assignment:

Please watch the following three films attached, each representing American (Moonrise Kingdom), Indian (Outsourced), and Chinese (Iron & Silk) cultural values.

From each film, identify spoken lines that illustrate the cultural dimensions discussed above.

Specifically:

Identify four sentences that reveal American culture — one sentence for each of the four dimensions.

Identify four sentences that reveal Indian culture — one sentence for each of the four dimensions.

Identify four sentences that reveal Chinese culture — one sentence for each of the four dimensions.

In total, you will identify twelve sentences — four for each culture, each corresponding to a different cultural dimension.

In other words, for each film, identify a sentence that illustrates each of the four cultural dimensions.

Further explanation and clarification:

When watching Moonrise Kingdom (American culture):

• Identify one sentence that reflects Power Distance.

• Identify one sentence that reflects Individualism vs. Collectivism.

• Identify one sentence that reflects Masculinity vs. Femininity.

• Identify one sentence that reflects Uncertainty Avoidance.

When watching Outsourced (Indian culture):

• Identify one sentence that reflects Power Distance.

• Identify one sentence that reflects Individualism vs. Collectivism.

• Identify one sentence that reflects Masculinity vs. Femininity.

• Identify one sentence that reflects Uncertainty Avoidance.

When watching Iron & Silk (Chinese culture):

• Identify one sentence that reflects Power Distance.

• Identify one sentence that reflects Individualism vs. Collectivism.

• Identify one sentence that reflects Masculinity vs. Femininity.

• Identify one sentence that reflects Uncertainty Avoidance.

In total, you will have to identify 12 sentences — four from each film, one for each cultural dimension.

I will write to you about the theory behind what you are doing and why.

Tip: First, take notes and define key terms, and get a clear understanding of Hofstede’s theory.

After that, armed with theory, closely watch the three films, identify the spoken words, and describe the context.

Lastly, include a felt experience for each context.

Your process is the same as you have been doing thus far in the fishbowl.

Your final will be posted on December 10 at 10 am, not before then. Please make a note of it.

Thank you, and you will be hearing more from me. Treat the assignment as a challenge and a word game, for that is what cross-cultural communication is about.

Sanjiv

Moonrise Kingdom

ttps://drive.google.com/file/d/1j89wik5UPQcN_IA5XJ_R78qmUmzV_DlZ/view?usp=sharing

Outsourced

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pFOnJ4i7yBC7AWbzmdR7TlZ_cINUvBMl/view?usp=sharing

Iron and Silk

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1InB5COMuByIncKUshQOZ-arxzXikvt9R/view?usp=sharing

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/21/2025 9:06:46
Subject: fishbowl matters
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Several clarifications:

I submitted the Abstract just in time, since there was no extension this time!

 

The Abstract, limited to 3500 words, was a conceptual expression of your work (25 co-authors), particularly when you followed the steps in Assignment 5 and did your felt experiences. The Abstract was ‘looking at yourself, looking at yourself,' if you know what I mean! Basically, I conceptualized your postings in the fishbowl using Bakhtin and Derrida's ideas. 

I personlly don’t expect the Reviewers to accept the Abstract because our steps in Assignment 5 were not described. Too little space! 

Anyway, the Abstract is behind us, and at the very least, I trust it helped clarify what you are doing in the fishbowl, how you are doing it, and why you are doing it. There are many options for you to move forward if you'd like to publish your work. I'll talk about that later.

To close the semester, there is a final assignment for 345 and 448. I'll be working on it this weekend. You will get details on how to do it, and it will certainly not be complicated nor confusing at this point. 

You will post the final assignment at 10 am on December 10 and not before.. 

The final assignment will be the same process you have been following thus far, but you will be breaking new ground.

It is a good idea to revisit your Syllabus to stay grounded.

Sanjiv

ps:

Feedback on Method from the fishbowl...please take words further and further again, till something meaningful and different from the original meaning appears. You can always do that, and there is little point in stopping short. For example, from the restructuring below, take the words ‘wane' and ‘ease' and expand them further, substituting. It is good to restructure a few times... it makes the felt experience feel authentic and not forced.

"Never wane your colors for the sake of another's ease"

samfin

Posts: 69

Joined: Wed Sep 03, 2025 4:02 pm

Contact: Contact samfin

Digital Literacies

post by samfin » Tue Nov 04, 2025 2:14 pm

Another example from assignment 5

"Don't diminish yourself for someone else's comfort"

Diminish- Belittle, wane, reduce

Comfort- ease, stresslessness, difficult

Someone- other, another

"Never wane your colors for the sake of another's ease"

Howard Rheingold:

- Author, critic and educator

- Pioneered "virtual community" studies and published "The Virtual Community: Homesteading on the Electronic Frontier" which served as a foundational text for understanding online shared social spaces.

- Advocated for the need of good and sound critical thinking skills to discern between all the information and to navigate the online world well

- (Most important IMO) Encourages people to be more aware of how technology impact our lives, relationships and attention

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/19/2025 12:39:25
Subject: First Draft of Abstract for INTED26
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Below is the first draft of the Abstract. It is incomplete, and I have yet to review your fishbowls for co-authorship. I need another week, as the fishbowl has been slow to gain traction this time around. The Conference always extends the deadline, and I am banking on that. In any event, we can submit it to the next conference.

Sanjiv

DIALOGICAL THINKING IN DIGITAL LEARNING ENVIRONMENTS: A STUDENT-CENTERED APPROACH TO MEANING-MAKING

INTRODUCTION

Thinking is never solitary; it is inherently dialogic, as Bakhtin reminds us. The ideas developed in this paper emerged through an interplay of internal voices and external sources, including those encountered through search engines and AI systems. To think dialogically is to acknowledge and engage this plurality rather than suppress it. In this paper, we trace our own dialogic processes by attending to the shifting tones, positions, and interlocutors that shape our thoughts. Our conclusions remain deliberately open and revisable, reflecting our view that an opinion is not the final expression of a unified self but a provisional outcome of an ongoing conversation among the many voices within and around us.

PURPOSE

Our purpose is to enact Bakhtinian dialogism by treating every thought as a response within an ongoing conversation conducted on a digital platform. We aim to make the plurality of voices active in thinking explicit—voices drawn from memory, the internet, affective states, and other internal or external sources—without collapsing them into a single, unified standpoint. We allow perspectives to emerge from these interactions rather than impose a predetermined conclusion. In doing so, we keep meaning open, provisional, and revisable. We engage as dialogic selves, negotiating meaning and maintaining the distinction among our voices so that meaning remains dynamic and alive.

METHOD

We are a group of 90 undergraduate students sharing reflections on Business, Society, and Culture through a digital platform we call the fishbowl. Our method involves “deconstructing” ideas from a shared text by sorting, sifting, selecting, substituting, and circulating the meanings of words. The aim is not to eliminate differences but to inhabit them, recognizing that understanding and opinion emerge through the dynamic interplay of our perspectives rather than through the determinations of AI.

We take up and resist positions shaped by the internet, arguing with ourselves through imagined interlocutors and treating others’ words as openings rather than finalities. Our practice emphasizes tentativeness, revisability, and openness to new responses in the fishbowl. We deliberately allow multiple positions to be heard—an opinion, a counter-argument, a remembered voice, a felt experience—so that our thinking can remain plural, responsive, and alive.

CONCLUSION

In the fishbowl, we were not merely expressing ideas; we were activating and reinforcing particular ways of valuing the world. The “value system behind words” is precisely what makes them dialogic: each utterance carries the traces of other people’s values. To respond dialogically is to address this value system, not merely the word’s surface meaning.

Every selected word brought with it an underlying constellation of meanings that endowed it with ethical, social, and cultural force. We never spoke alone. Even in silence, we were responding to imagined others. Each statement, observation, and hesitation was shaped by the voices, expectations, and perspectives of others, which continually influenced our thinking.

Posting in the fishbowl thus became a fundamental condition for thought, meaning, and understanding to emerge. The voices inside us always originate outside us; thought is inherently oriented toward others. The self is formed through dialogue, not before it, and meaning arises at the boundary between self and other.

Our method is therefore more than a technique—it is a way of thinking, an ethics of openness, and a way of reading the world. In the fishbowl, we offered multiple visions of how meaning unfolds, how understanding develops, and how learning becomes a shared, dialogic act.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/16/2025 6:08:38
Subject: antidote to experiencing cognitive dissonance
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Some of you will be experiencing cognitive dissonance in the fishbowl. Below is a text, “Informational obesity" that aptly describes what many people around the World are undergoing...

Cognitive dissonance (please Google) causes stress, guilt, or anxiety, and people are motivated to reduce the discomfort by changing their beliefs, changing their behavior, or rationalizing the inconsistency. I’ve juxtaposed a posting in the fishbowl by Mie Carstense that addresses what we are doing in this circumstance.

Please read and share your experience.

Sanjiv

COGNITIVE, DISSONANCE, ANTIDOTE

From the fishbowl...

Informational obesity

Every once in a while, the internet throws up a gem like this one: "Informational obesity will kill you."

Somewhere in the dark alleys of the internet, a man sits, scrolling. He has read 16 articles since breakfast. He knows why the economy is collapsing, what the stock market will do next, and the exact reason a celebrity was caught cheating. He is drowning in knowledge, and yet, if you ask him to explain any of it, he will pause, scratch his head, and say, “It’s complicated.”

This man is sick. Not in the way his doctor understands, but in the way an overfed brain stops working. He is a victim of informational obesity: a condition where a person consumes more knowledge than they can digest, ending up confused, anxious, and painfully misinformed.

The disease is common. We read news, we watch debates, we argue online and have an opinion on everything. We are certain that we are right.

But if you lock the people in a room and ask them to explain their certainty, they will fumble because they’re overloaded with all the information, but they haven’t actually absorbed or understood any of it, because their knowledge is second-hand and borrowed. 

It is a thin layer of information wrapped around a void.

This is the greatest irony of the modern world.

More people know more things than ever before, and yet, real wisdom is dying. Thought is being replaced by reaction. Inquiry is being replaced by confidence.

People read, not to understand, but to win arguments.

They consume, not to grow, but to belong.

So what is the cure? It is not ignorance. Ignorance is the twin of blind knowledge. The cure is discipline.

The answer isn’t to ignore information altogether. That’s just as bad.

We need to be more selective about what we consume.

Read less, but understand more. Choose your knowledge the way you choose your food: carefully, deliberately.

Ask yourself: Does this information make me wiser, or does it only make me feel informed?

Because in the end, informational obesity is worse than physical obesity.

A fat body can still think, But a fat mind is just noise pretending to be thought.

Reclaim your intellectual autonomy, resist the urge to scroll endlessly, to argue reflexively, to consume mindlessly,

Avoid Informational obesity & stay blessed forever.

							888888888

miejcarstense

Posts: 56

Joined: Wed Sep 03, 2025 2:08 pm

Contact: Contact miejcarstense

Reflection

Post by miejcarstense » Sat Nov 15, 2025 9:56 pm

Assignment 5 is basically teaching us how to exist online without losing ourselves. We start with a complicated sentence, full of weight and uncertainty, and then break it down until something actually meaningful appears. That’s the skill the digital world demands, taking in complexity and making sense of it without getting overwhelmed. At this point in the course, I can see that we’re practicing more than vocabulary. We’re practicing attention: slowing down, looking at words carefully, noticing our own reactions. We’re practicing participation: posting, sharing, reading, and responding. And we’re collaborating without even realizing it, each post pushes someone else forward. The fishbowl is basically training us in Rheingold’s digital literacies. We’re learning how to filter information, how to sense when something feels true, and how to create meaning instead of just scrolling past it. We’re learning network awareness, how our words move, how they connect with others, and how they shape our little digital world. Where we’re going is toward a kind of awareness that actually matters now: being present, being intentional, and being able to create meaning in a space where everything moves fast.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/15/2025 14:46:20
Subject: developing a point of view (1)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

In the fishbowl, you have been learning to ‘read' and ‘write' anew with the advent of AI.

Reading is no longer just the quiet act of absorbing a text or reproducing it. Our role has become one of choosing what to read from search engines, and compare explanations. Instead of passive intake, reading has become a critical and interrogative activity—a dialogue with the text to clarify, challenge, or expand ideas. 

The essential reading skill is not speed or volume but judgment after dialogue with a text. 

Writing also changes. It becomes more about adding personal insight or original interpretation. In a sense, we shift from being the sole authors to being editors, curators, and thinkers who guide the creation of meaning. 

The intellectual work doesn’t disappear with AI; it moves upstream—from crafting sentences to crafting ideas.

In this new environment, reading becomes a form of active skepticism, and writing becomes a form of intellectual direction. We do less mechanical labor but more conceptual labor. The quality of our thinking matters even more. 

There is a deep and meaningful connection between Bakhtin’s notion of dialogue (please Google) and the act of making a judgment.

1. For Bakhtin, meaning emerges only through dialogue. Bakhtin argues that every idea, word, or position becomes meaningful only when it encounters another voice. Meaning is never isolated; it is always relational, shaped by the presence of alternatives, objections, echoes, and responses. A single voice is incomplete—“unfinalized”—until it enters into dialogue with other voices.

2. Judgment requires encountering multiple voices. To make a judgment is to weigh possibilities, compare perspectives, and position oneself among alternatives. Judgment is not a purely internal or solitary act. It depends on the mind staging a small dialogue between two words, providing different options, competing interpretations, and different imagined others (“What would someone else think?”)

This inner pluralism—the internal conversation—is exactly the dialogic condition Bakhtin describes.

3. Judgment is a responsible act in Bakhtin’s sense. He uses the term answerability (otvetstvennost). To make a judgment is to “answer” the world, to take a stance in relation to other voices. Judgment is not the closure of dialogue but a position within it. Even after we judge, the dialogue continues—new voices can challenge or reshape our conclusion.

4. Dialogue protects judgment from monologism. For Bakhtin, monologue—one closed, authoritative voice—kills meaning. Judgment formed monologically becomes rigid, unexamined and insufficiently tested. Dialogue, by contrast, forces ideas to meet resistance. A judgment born out of genuine dialogic exchange is more nuanced, more ethical, and more aware of its limits.

In short, Bakhtin helps us see judgment not as a final, solitary verdict but as a moment in an ongoing dialogue—an ethical act of positioning oneself among multiple voices, perspectives, and possibilities. Dialogue is the condition that makes judgment possible, and judgment is the responsible response within dialogue.

So how do we dialogue, and take a position, a point of view, among multiple perspectives and possibilities in the fishbowl?

Please Google Bakhtin, dialogue and inner conversation.

Sanjiv

MONOLOGISM, DIALOGUE, POSITION, STANCE, JUDGMENT, PLURALISM, INNER, CONVERSATION

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/26/2025 17:09:04
Subject: communication apparatus: blending AI with new knowledge
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Grades make us all anxious. A student who had done a bit of vocabulary, a few Google searches, and a couple of felt experiences asked what his grade was. 

I said a definite B. Hereafter, only he can raise the bar. 

It takes commitment—periods of mental focus.

At this point, you have understood several things, and I make a comeback with the notion that, thus far, you have experienced the fishbowl as a 'communication apparatus.' 

A communication apparatus is any device or system used to transmit or receive information over a distance, enabling communication between parties. Examples range from simple tools like telephones and radios to complex systems like satellite communication networks, internet-connected computers, and smartphones. 

The fishbowl is an 'apparatus of communication' whose objectives do not center on distribution (imparting information), but instead aim to foster communication through conversation, i.e., conveying and sharing ideas. Please see Linh Truong's posting below. 

To what extent we differentiate the communicative function in the fishbowl from its function of transmission is never clear. 

The goal is to be the most effective communication apparatus. 

The fishbowl apparatus is a dynamic, engaging, and responsive process that goes beyond simple information transmission, emphasizing active participation (reading and posting), feedback (sharing self-reflections and felt experiences), and contextual awareness (looking at the meaning of words). There is a process of assimilation that occurs in which you add new information to an existing schema to deepen your understanding of the world. 

You are integrating what you already know (from your Google searches and AI) with new information or experiences (from self-reflections and feelings of phenomena).. You are blending previous AI information with new knowledge from your felt experiences. Please see Mie J Carstense’s posting below.

The Abstract can be about what we are saying in this email: we devised a 'communication apparatus' among ourselves. There has to be evidence...

Sanjiv

APPARATUS, DEVISE, INTEGRATE, ASSIMILATE, DEEPEN

from the fishbowl...

linh.truong

Posts: 52

Joined: Mon Sep 08, 2025 3:35 pm

Contact: Contact linh.truong

Re: Taking & Making Notes

post by linh.truong » Sat Oct 25, 2025 11:54 pm

Phenomenologists

Philosophers and researchers who study conscious experience from the first-person point of view to understand how things appear to us in the world. They focus on the structures of lived experience, aiming to describe phenomena without relying on preconceived theories or an objective, third-person perspective. Key figures include Edmund Husserl, who founded modern phenomenology, and later thinkers like Martin Heidegger, Jean-Paul Sartre, and Maurice Merleau-Ponty, whose work is often associated with existential phenomenology.

miejcarstense

Posts: 45

Joined: Wed Sep 03, 2025 2:08 pm

Contact: Contact miejcarstense

Reflection using juxtaposition

Post by miejcarstense » Sat Oct 25, 2025 11:24 pm

When I think of external discipline/internal discipline/empathy, I see Scott in Strictly Ballroom. The federation is the domain of external rules, polished, strict, unforgiving. Fran is the opposite, raw and authentic, teaching Scott to reorient his steps. The juxtaposition is clear: rules on one side, freedom on the other. Placing them side by side shows me that discipline isn’t only about control, it can also be about courage to create. In my own life, soccer gives me the same phenomena. External discipline is schedules, fitness tests, coach expectations. Internal discipline is what I bring when no one’s looking. When I consciously choose empathy for my teammates, I play differently. My subjective experience makes me see leadership not as shouting orders but as listening first. Through this, my vision of discipline changes. It’s not a cage but a process that molds me while I also shape it back. That’s where individuation happens: in the tension, in the reorientation, in the ongoing experience of becoming.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/22/2025 23:02:13
Subject: social constructivism (2)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

We’ll continue Online today. 

Please take the time to read, re-read, and read again. 

It is to create a participatory culture in the age of AI.

We progress through the social construction of words.

That is, we interpret and shape organizational life through reading and writing together.

That is to say, we are socially constructed and socially constructing human beings.

Please see Mie J Carstense' posting below.

Our reality is a living text.

How so?

The language, images, ideas, and actions through which you post in the fishbowl parallel how a book uses words to convey and communicate meaning in daily life.

Readers of your posts in the fishbowl, in turn, create their own meaning; in effect, they add their own authoring to the text.

In this way, the entire fishbowl, indeed our whole life, can be seen as a living “real-time” process of simultaneous reading and writing, producing evolving and diverse patterns of meaning.

We focus on understanding the never-ending circle of relations underlying the social construction of reality. Please revisit your Assignments on the two films in this light.

We recognize that, as readers and authors of our everyday realities, subsequent authorings tend to be partial and one-sided, committing us to live in realities that reflect various conscious and unconscious social constructions associated with class, gender, culture, and the daily context in which we exist.

We’re online today.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

miejcarstense

Posts: 36

Joined: Wed Sep 03, 2025 2:08 pm

Pedagogical Approach

Post by miejcarstense » Tue Oct 21, 2025 1:05 am

The way teaching and learning are carried out. It’s not only about the subject, but how it’s shared and experienced. For me, a pedagogical approach is like a game plan in soccer, the strategy behind how the team learns, practices, and plays together. It’s the method that shapes how knowledge actually gets lived, not just talked about.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/20/2025 23:55:24
Subject: juxtaposition
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

To recap, to abstract, to give perspective---all it takes is changing your vocabulary (words), and re-writing over structures of words, unafraid of creating new meaning and ways of seeing.

How do we investigate the nature of our subjective, conscious experience when confronted by AI?

Phenomenology (please Google) is the study of how things appear to us through our direct, lived experience. It focuses on describing the structures of consciousness and experience from a first-person perspective, without trying to explain the causes or objective reality behind phenomena. Instead, it seeks to understand the meaning that things have for us as they are experienced, examining the way things are perceived, felt, and understood in our "everydayness”. 

Please see Merci Hirwaineza’s fourth assignment as an example of individuation. She selects a structure of words from the previous letter (external discipline, internal discipline, reflection-in-action, purposeful empathy, etc.) and juxtaposes this structure when viewing the films (moving images). In this way she individuates herself by developing her unique subjective, conscious experience. 

To juxtapose other structures, metaphors, and images is to be unafraid to make new meaning and have new experiences.

By focusing on words, the fishbowl has become a gathering of participants who are interacting as phenomenologists (please Google). Looking at structures of words, through a process of sorting, sifting, selecting, substituting and sharing, entails the reorientation of vision. Quite simply, to abandon the domain of phenomenal forms is to lose one’s sight. 

Sanjiv

JUXTAPOSITION, REORIENT, VISION, DOMAIN, PHENOMENA, SUBJECTIVE, CONSCIOUS, EXPERIENCE

from the fishbowl...

mercihirwaineza

Posts: 12

Joined: Wed Sep 03, 2025 4:06 pm

Contact: Contact mercihirwaineza

Disciplined Subjectivity 4

post by mercihirwaineza » Mon Oct 20, 2025 4:15 pm

Strictly Ballroom - Scott’s backyard paso-doble lesson

Scene: Scott trains at Fran’s family home. Rico and Abuela redirect him from flashy “federation” moves to a grounded, rhythmic paso-doble he must feel in his body.

External discipline: The Australian Dance Federation’s rules, judges, costumes, and “approved steps” define what counts as “real” ballroom.

Internal discipline: Scott doesn’t just rebel, he listening, drilling timing, relaxing the shoulders, letting the beat travel through his frame.

Reflection-in-action: He adjusts while dancing, reading his own tension, Fran’s lead/response, and Rico’s feedback in real time.

Purposeful empathy: He is letting their family’s style and feelings change his own technique. He doesn’t erase himself, but he includes them.

Individuation: The tension “rule-book champion vs. creative artist” resolves into a new hybrid Scott. That’s why, at Pan-Pacifics, even when the music is cut, he can finish from inner rhythm and crowd claps his subjectivity is now disciplined from the inside out.

Why this moment: It isn’t just “breaking rules.” It’s training a self that can carry authenticity under pressure, exactly the kind of disciplined subjectivity that wins in public and still feels true in private.

Kinky Boots - Lola’s factory leadership pivot

Scene: As designer/lead, Lola shifts from pure performance mode to engineer-leader: boots must look fierce and hold a man’s weight. She calibrates her presence, Don, then later reconciles with Charlie and returns to model in Milan with the Angels.

External discipline: Market orders, costs, engineering constraints, lasts, shanks, heel strength, and the conservative factory culture all push back.

Internal discipline: Lola self-regulates, choosing when to dial up charisma and when to focus on fit, stress points, and production timelines. It’s choiceful restraint, not self-erasure.

Reflection-in-action: She prototypes, tests, and iterates under time pressure, thinking while doing. When Charlie’s meltdown, she steps back, reassesses, and returns with a clearer role.

Purposeful empathy: She reads the room, respecting workers’ fears, meeting people where they are, and designing for the real user need.

Individuation: The tension “performer vs. professional” resolves into Lola-as-builder, a subject who turns difference into value. On the Milan runway, that integrated style and strength is exactly what saves the business.

Why this moment: It shows that standing out isn’t only about visibility; it’s about calibrated self-command using who you are to meet the brief better than anyone else.

Last edited by mercihirwaineza on Mon Oct 20, 2025 4:18 pm, edited 1 time in total.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/19/2025 16:00:40
Subject: Assignment 4: disciplined subjectivity
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

The depth and breadth of your learning will depend on how much you read the posts under Active Topics in the fishbowl and how often you focus and reflect on word/images, one word at a time. Make meditating on a word a lifelong daily practice. You have the beginnings.

So far in the fishbowl, you have been:

1. developing your understanding of the meaning of words, and looking at words as symbols, images, and metaphors; 

2. doing Google searches and grasping theoretical concepts; and 

3. interjecting felt-experiences from incidents in your past; and 

4. completed three assignments. 

Central to what individuates your work is the notion of "disciplined subjectivity.” You succeed when you individuate yourself in a digital environment.

How does one stand out and succeed in the age of AI is the question on the table. The processes of disciplined subjectivity and purposeful empathy entail sorting through feelings (words), monitoring your emotions (words), and paying attention to physical reactions (behavior and outcomes). It means not striving for spurious objectivity when this would require deliberately suppressing or ignoring subjective responses, but instead bringing the subjective response into consciousness so that it is part of the available data.

"Disciplined subjectivity" refers to the idea that individual identity and perception are shaped by external systems of control and internal self-regulation, rather than being purely personal or objective. 

The notion draws from Michel Foucault's work on power and discipline (please Google), which describes how institutions and social norms mold individuals into specific "subjects" who internalize these structures. 

"Disciplined subjectivity" incorporates the idea that you can take control of your own subjectivity and individuate yourself through self-discipline, making it a project of continuous effort and self-constitution. Please see Ridouane Cailloce

posting below.

Key aspects of disciplined subjectivity:

External discipline are outside forces like schools, colleges and universities and all institutions that use surveillance, architecture, and regulation to normalize behavior. In Strictly Ballroom and Kinky Boots, the protagonists are up against the influence of external discipline.

Internal discipline, on the other hand, is the process of self-governance and self-regulation, where you take ownership of your own agency (habits and actions) to achieve a goal. Both Sott Hasings and Lola have this trait in common with being successful in business..

Subjectivity is the idea that your perception of reality is not a direct, objective view, but is filtered through your own experiences, feelings, and consciousness. “Change your mind about someone.” Lola in Kinky Boots.

"Disciplined subjectivity" is the result of the constant interaction between external disciplinary forces and an individual's internal efforts at self-discipline. It's a dynamic process where both external and internal factors work to shape who you are. In this regard, we are watching the trajectories of Scott and Fran, and Charlie Price and Lola.

In The Reflective Practitioner (1983), Donald Schön (please Google) argues that professional expertise is gained through reflection-in-action: the ability to think about what you are doing while you are doing it. This is tantamount to improvisation, intuition, and learning from experience. 

Schön’s work emphasizes that reflective thinking is at the heart of creative and effective professional practice.

The fishbowl strives for the same culture..By reflecting on your postings in the fishbowl, you are gaining professional expertise by continuously refining your judgment and adapting to complex, uncertain situations. 

Reflection is the act of thinking critically about one's past actions and decisions, while reflexivity goes a step further by also examining how one's own biases, assumptions, and presence influence the situation. In essence, reflection is analyzing your actions and their outcomes, whereas reflexivity is a meta-analysis that includes self-awareness and understanding your role in creating or shaping the context itself. 

Your individuation focuses on how things come into being, rather than what they are. Your postings serve as an example of the notion that everything forms through a process of ‘becoming’ (see Deleuze) called individuation. Before something becomes an individual, it exists in a preindividual state, full of potential and tension, as seen in your postings. When these tensions start to resolve, an individual takes shape — but this process never really ends. Gilbert Simondon (please Google) calls the movement that drives this change transduction, meaning that each new form grows out of the previous one, like a wave spreading through matter. In this view, individuals are not fixed or separate; they are ongoing processes of relation and transformation within the world.

Due to AI, there is an in-depth renewal of ontology as a process of individuation, i.e., how does one come into being, persist, and transform oneself in an interactive digital space, such as the fishbowl? Ontology of the fishbowl refers to the conditions of being or existence within a text or system of meaning. Individuation refers to the process by which something—or someone—becomes distinct, separate, and identifiable as an individual. 

Assignment 4: 

Strictly Ballroom and Kinky Boots portray business success achieved through self-reflection and reflexive behavior. The protagonists work through symbols, metaphors, images, affect, emotion, knowledge, and action. 

Please identify your favorite instance of 'disciplined subjectivity' in Strictly Ballroom and Kinky Boots.

Sanjiv

ONTOLOGY, INDIVIDUATION, DISCIPLINE, SUBJECTIVITY, OBJECTIVITY, PURPOSEFUL, EMPATHY, MOLD, INTERNALIZE, TRANSDUCTION

from the fishbowl...

Ridouane Cailloce

Posts: 36

Joined: Wed Sep 03, 2025 2:09 pm

Contact: Contact Ridouane Cailloce

Re: Assignments

Post by Ridouane Cailloce » Wed Oct 15, 2025 4:01 pm

Assignment 3: Please select five sentences from either movies.

I decided to work on the movie "Kinky boots”, here are my five sentences:

"I'm not my dad, you shouldn't expect that" - Charlie Price

This is a very interesting sentence. The context here is that we are just after Charlie's father death, which pushes Charlie to inherit his father's shoes company 'Prices and Sons. Considering that this has been a father to son company fro many generations, Charlie has to face his responsibility as the new CEO of the company.

So he says this sentence during his introductory speech to the factory workers, which show us that he won't be a pale copy of his dad, he wants to make sure that the workers don't expect him to replace his dad, to be exactly like him.

This sentence makes me feel about my personal relation to my father, he always wanted me to like soccer as he does, but I felt like I was forced to do it so he can be proud of me and like me even more. SO I used to play soccer from 5th grade to 7th grade, even though I hated it, just because I was afraid of disappointing my father.

"Whatever Lola wants, Lola gets" - Lola

This quote really intrigued me. Indeed, Lola is a DragQueen that has always felt marginalized by the society, and she is saying that sentence specifically during her show, which kept my attention. Indeed, Lola is a free person, even though because she's biologically a man, but considers herself as a woman, she has to face people’s judgements and thoughts. But she doesn’t care, she’s proud of who she is, and will always try to do everything she can to get what she wants.

It makes me think about my personal life, as a member of the LGBTQ+ community, I always felt judged and misunderstood in the society, so I decided to work very hard to get what I want, and bet sure that I will get it, because my sexuality doesn’t depict me as a different person, and shouldn’t prevent me from being happy and pursuing my projects.

“This is not my world either, Lola” - Charlie

Lola is feeling sad and has a conversation with Charlie in the bathroom, and Charlie explains her that he’s also feeling uncomfortable in his situation.

Indeed, he tries to reassure her, that she’s not alone, they’re both facing problems with being in an environment they don’t really belong to.

Personally, I used to feel that way in Middle school, when classes were split into boys and girls groups, I had to go to a boy’s changing room, and I felt very uncomfortable, It wasn’t my world either.

Being mocked because I was too feminine, amongst masculine guys that were only talking about girls and sport.

“He disowned me” - Lola

This quote is very powerful, it describes Lola’s past challenges. When she tells that to Charlie during one of their conversations, she’s talking about her father when he discovered who she really is, he died from lung cancer without making up with Lola.

This event makes me think about my personal experience with my father.

In facts, my father disowned me too a couple of years ago because I’m gay, and he’s very religious so he couldn’t really accept that, from his point of view.

I really felt sad for a while, felt left out, that I didn’t deserve to be loved ever since. Fortunately, I have my mother alongside my grandparents and my friends that supported me a lot during this very hard period.

Thus, now I am over it and feel happy because I know my value, how much I worth, and that I am not alone.

“You owe nothing to your father Charlie Price, you are free” - Nicola

This sentence really inspired me during my viewing. Nicola (Charlie’s Fiancée) and Charlie have an argument in the street, because Nicola doesn’t really approve Charlie’s new shoes business, she wants him to join her in London and get an ambitious career in marketing.

Even though I totally disapprove Nicola’s statement, what she says here is right. It’s not because Charlie’s father was a successful CEO of a shoes company that he has to take the same path.

Personally, my father always told me to do science studies, being top 1 at maths, physics and natural sciences, like he was, but that is not what I wanted.

Indeed, I decided to study languages business and marketing, which are topics that I really like, not my father’s favorites, mine.

It’s important to be ourselves, I learned that from my mistake with soccer for instance/

Top

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/15/2025 20:50:42
Subject: perceptual reality and self-reflexivity
------------------------------------------------------------
IMG_8884.jpg

IMG_8885.jpg

Sent from my iPhone

Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Perceptual reality refers to the version of reality that we experience through our senses — how things appear to us rather than how they objectively are. 

The fishbowl is a perceived reality because our postings are passages of personal discovery. Sorting, sifting, selecting, substituting, and sharing words. We are perceiving the same word differently from one another. We see movements and patterns among ourselves.. 

The meaning of every text that we post is always ‘deferred' (please Google Derrida and 'defer') because our text is 'self-reflexive' in nature. Self-reflexivity is the process of examining one's own thoughts, feelings, and actions, or reflecting on one's own construction and the artificiality of one's own perspective. It means being aware of and contemplating your own processes and practices in the fishbowl. 

Our individual perception shapes the fishbowl — what we see, hear, touch, taste, and smell — as well as our emotions, memories, expectations, and cultural background. For example, two people watching the same sunset on their screens might perceive different colors, depending on factors such as lighting, visual acuity, or emotional state. This is why “reality” isn’t fixed — perception filters it. Please see the images above and Jeffery Gray’s postings below.

In short:

Perceptual reality = the world as we experience it.

Objective reality = the world as it exists, independent of us.

Sanjiv

ARTIFICIAL, PASSAGE, DISCOVER, DEFER, FILTER, APPEAR

from the fishbowl...

Gray Jeffery

Posts: 37

Joined: Wed Sep 03, 2025 2:09 pm

Contact: Contact Gray Jeffery

Assignment 3

Post by Gray Jeffery » Tue Oct 14, 2025 1:06 pm

"A beginner has no right to approach an Open Amateur." "Yeah, well an Open Amateur has no right to dance non-Federation steps, but you did, didn't you?" -Scott and Fran, Strictly Ballroom

After Fran initially invites Scott to dance with her, this conversation takes place. It highlights the conflict between tradition and innovation. It particularly resonates with me as someone who has often been told to "stay in my lane" or that I shouldn't be asking questions/seeking answers about things that don't concern me. I am a very curious person, and I'm someone who wants to try to experience everything life has to offer.

"Ladies, gentlemen, and those who are yet to make up their mind" -Lola, Kinky Boots

Lola uses this inclusive language in her opening address to the workers of the factory to challenge their rigid, traditional, and often narrow views of gender. I like this quote because it seems very simple to us in today's world - gender is considered a much more fluid thing, and we (generally) have a more open view of people and how they express themselves. However, this quote shows us how much narrower people's views were not that long ago, and how far we've come in being a more accepting society.

"Change your mind about someone." -Lola, Kinky Boots

This quote is part of Lola's "Six-Step Plan" for business/life. Lola tells Charlie and his workers that if they want her to help them make the boots for a fashion show, they must accept her. It encourages us to look past initial impressions and stereotypes. It challenges us to rethink our judgments, and understand that people are often more complex than they appear.

"Vivir con miedo es como vivir a medias." (To live with fear is to live a life half-lived). -Fran, Strictly Ballroom

This quote is the central thesis of Strictly Ballroom. It speaks to the experience of being held back by fear of failure, judgment, and not fitting in. This is a big one for me, as although I am a very curious person, I am also a huge people pleaser, and am often really aware of how people see me and think about me. One of my biggest challenges in life is getting over the fear that some people may not like me or may judge me, and just living my life.

"The most important things are: be true to yourself and don't hurt anyone." -Lola, Kinky Boots

This quote is from a tense scene where Charlie confronts his friend Don. He had offended Lola earlier, which made her walk away from Charlie and the business. This quote goes perfectly with the previous one in my eyes; it's a guiding principle that can be applied to all aspects of life, from personal relationships to career choices. Live your life without fear of being judged by others, just be you and be kind.

Top

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/14/2025 16:47:35
Subject: unafraid to make new meaning
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Your fishbowl postings are reflective, analytical, poetic, and compressed.

You often write in short paragraphs or thought-units, almost like prose couplets or aphorisms.

Your focus isn’t on linear argument, but on connections and resonances between ideas and among your viewers.

Your postings align most closely with what’s known as the fragmentary essay or lyrical essay form (please Google both) — writing that blends analysis, meditation, and poetic rhythm.

Please see Samfin’s postings as an example. To think inclusively is to be unafraid to make new meaning.

Sanjiv

FRAGMENT, PROSE, COUPLET, APHORISM, LYRICAL, POETIC, RHYTHM, ALIGN, RESONANCE

from the fishbowl...

samfin

Posts: 28

Joined: Wed Sep 03, 2025 4:02 pm

Contact: Contact samfin

Making/taking notes

Post by samfin » Tue Sep 23, 2025 5:47 pm

Reading this section, I feel a sense of excitement about how performance is being reframed. The text positions communication as no longer one-directional, which makes me think about how traditional hierarchies—like teacher/student or actor/audience—are softening into something more collaborative. I like the fishbowl example because it shows that technology and structure can actually dismantle boundaries instead of reinforcing them.

Emotionally, I find it empowering to think of every post or contribution as its own “performance.” It makes me feel more responsible for what I put into the shared space, since it’s part of a collective dialogue rather than a passive broadcast. The line “I’m looking at you looking at me looking at you” really stuck with me—it captures the layered reciprocity that happens when participants are both creating and interpreting meaning at the same time.

Overall, this section makes me feel optimistic. It highlights how technology, when used intentionally, can transform audiences into collaborators and blur the line between performer and spectator in a way that feels more human and participatory.

Re: Making/taking notes

Post by samfin » Tue Sep 23, 2025 5:51 pm

Reading this piece, I felt both intrigued and a little overwhelmed by the density of ideas, but what stuck with me most is how the fish-bowl becomes more than a metaphor—it feels like a lived experiment in vulnerability, difference, and creativity. The way Matt and Sanjiv are described—constantly clashing, improvising, finding joy, then breaking apart again—reminds me of how messy but real authentic relationships are, especially when they push against categories like teacher/student or East/West. There’s a raw honesty in admitting that misunderstanding and difference aren’t flaws to erase but sparks that generate new meaning.

I also found myself feeling the tension between “verbalized-thought” and “felt-experience.” It made me reflect on how often academic spaces privilege detached reasoning, while here, they are insisting that feelings—confusion, frustration, even hate—are not obstacles but information. That perspective makes me feel more open to discomfort as something to sit with rather than something to immediately fix.

Overall, the section left me with a sense of fascination: it’s chaotic, poetic, and at times hard to pin down, but maybe that’s the point. The “fish-bowl” becomes a space where ambiguity isn’t a problem to solve but a condition that allows for growth, myth-making, and deeper understanding of self and other.

Realizing text by answering the question: How so?

Post by samfin » Thu Oct 09, 2025 9:03 pm

Realization happens in so many ways-- the gut wrenching ones and the exciting ones, the stressful ways and the way in which you were hoping for if you're lucky.

What is the key player in that though? It is all in our ability to be observant. This is easier said than done because to be truly observant you must see things as they are instead of how you want them to be. I think this is the part people get hung up with the most. Emotions are strong and critical factors into most realizations, they can be blinding or enlightening depending on how you use them. We can all recall a moment where the stars aligned and the dots connected, but how long did it take?

Empowering your text

Post by samfin » Thu Oct 09, 2025 9:14 pm

Being able to keep a reader actively engaged is a tough task. They muse feel as if its natural and submersible. By grounding yourself in your work it makes experiences like these more tangible. The reader is able to more deeply connect to your work and if executed properly can even make the, feel like they relate to you or your character. This can be masterfully achieved by employing proper "manipulation tactics" for lack of better terms. With proper implementation it ropes the reader into feeling like you are credible relatable and real.

Social Constructivism

Post by samfin » Thu Oct 09, 2025 9:41 pm

The words given for us to google were: Mental Space, Mindful, Other, Social Constructivism and Symbolic Interactionism

Your Mental Space is your place to just be. Be free of your restraints yet mindful of others if it is shared. It is a judgement free place and its a place where our thoughts "hang out", similar to the fishbowl.

Being Mindful is to be fully aware of others and what is going on. To take external factors more heavily into consideration and to focus on purpose.

Other is anyone or anything that is not you! It is a perspective other than your own.

Social Constructivism is he idea that we build our understanding of the world and our environment together. It is found by SHARING between us, in our interactions and historically.

Symbolic Interactionism is a way that people create meaning through communication. We use methods like words, gestures, symbols and more to shape the perception of self and others.

We can see all of this tie directly into what we are doing here together. We are building a community of better understanding and borderline philosophers who are encouraged to share freely and lead the way with their thoughts. We are encouraged to turn towards each other and make the most out of this experience, and it is incredibly impactful to be able to be in such a community of people.

About Symbols And Symbolism

Post by samfin » Thu Oct 09, 2025 9:58 pm

I often think about the impacts of symbols and their perceived meaning. Just as was referenced in the letter, the snake has a different cultural impact depending on region. The same applies on a global scale. I have over 30 tattoos on my body and the majority of which are all animals. For instance, the spider I have in China is representative of happiness and good fortune whereas in Greek mythology it represents insolence and hubris. My turtle would be representative of a creature that carried the world on its back to the Native Americans, but to the ancient Egyptians it would be deemed a symbol of evil beings. It is incredibly interesting to see the shift in meaning of symbols. A phenomenal example is the swastika. It was originally (translated from Sanskrit) "conducive to well being" and became one of the most hateful symbols to have ever existed. It is a truly interesting subject to study, to see the shifts in meaning through time and by region. I'm always interested to see how it will continue to shift, and to learn more about cultural understandings of certain symbols.

Reclaiming Autonomy

Post by samfin » Thu Oct 09, 2025 10:12 pm

I generated a short list of things when I considered how at least I would try to reclaim my autonomy. Definitely open to critiques and recommendations, but this is what I was able to consider.

1. Take the initiative.

2. Find what makes you uncomfortable, and do it. That is how you grow.

3. Don't be afraid to do the things YOU want to do, even if no one else wants to. It's YOUR life and time to capitalize on.

4. Re-evaluate your inner circle

5. Set goals each day to achieve, try the Kaisen method. Get a physical win, mental win and spiritual win. You feel much more accomplished, and helps you incrementally grow

6. Take the leap of faith. The cost of anxiety/hesitancy is more expensive than the cost of failure. The thing that will cost you the most, is the regret.

These are the things I would absolutely do, and as time goes on I'm sure there are others. I wanted to share my opinion, and I hope this was beneficial for you.

Crafting Concepts

Post by samfin » Thu Oct 09, 2025 10:35 pm

Our mantra: Sorting, sifting, selecting, substituting and sharing.

We make sense of an activity "in terms of what it creates and its mode of creation"

- this to me says that there are many layers in which we are able to make sense of something. There is the motional appeal, as well as prio feelings you do or don't have about a subject. There is also its delivery, and its impact on you on a personal note. Is it something thats close to you or something you don't care too much about?

Deleauze and Creativity:

- Breaking norms to convey meaning

- Straying away from what might be considered traditional and is about defamiliarization

- "Lines of Flight": The desire to experiment and explore, to move away from what is deemed traditional.

Fishbowl demonstrates Deleuze's thoughts of creativity by breaking free of tradition (Brightspace) and to embrace something new for us to be able to experience. We are able to see growth from a new perspective, both in ourselves and in our classmates. regardless of our ability to adapt, it is up to us individually to explore within ourselves and take advantage of our ability to be creative!

Attention Economy:

This basically explains that corporation views our attention as a scarce currency, which in turn creates competition between firms to both get and hold our attention for more than 15 seconds. We can see an extremely prevalent impact, essentially everywhere. We see it in social media, music platforms, youtube, news articles... Everywhere you look someone is trying to get your attention so you pay for something you probably don't even need. It has become a cultural norm to over consume, and it is catching up to us. Everything is becoming subscription based, there are more and longer ads in movies and youtube videos, pop ups are plastered everywhere and every 10 scrolls. Sometimes you just get back to back to back to back ads. It is ridiculous, and should be illegal that marketers are allowed to push us this violently to consume.

pedagogical approach

Post by samfin » Mon Oct 13, 2025 8:55 pm

What really is functional transformation?

I think that would depend upon who you ask.

For one, it might be in regards to their looks, their emotions or their actual capabilities.

I think it is what allows us to easiest and most effectively execute a given task. Whether it be something silly or something serious, from the way things are phrased down to the way you repeat a task.

If it works for you,

increases productivity, efficiency, value,

I would argue that is functional transformation.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/14/2025 1:05:58
Subject: doing the assignment
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. We’ll go online this week, and I hope you will use the time to watch the two films. 

Immerse yourself in the worlds portrayed in the films. You are ‘watching' and 'taking & making' notes as a 'participant-observer' (please Google) and as an ‘ethnographer' (please Google). You have been doing so all along in the fishbowl. You observe behaviors (your process) and interactions (perceptions), taking notes, refining them, and writing about your felt experiences of past events and happenings. 

It can be said that ethnography is all about collecting and processing stories and presenting the results in the form of yet more stories, with literary qualities of their own. This is known as ’thick description’ (please Google Cliff Geertz). In the present assignment, you are providing an account of the film(s) that incorporates layers of meaning from various perspectives. 

By following your process of looking up the meaning of words, conducting Google searches, and sharing felt experiences, you are peeling back the layers and revealing subterranean structures and deeper meanings.

The present assignment is clear and straightforward, and you have done it in the previous assignment. 

Assignment: Select five sentences that were spoken in the films (Kinky Boots and Strictly Ballroom), describe the context of the sentence(s), and use them as a point of departure (using analogy and metaphor) for your description of a personal felt-experience from a past happening; your reflection. 

Steps:

1. Sort, sift, select five (5) sentences. 

2. Describe the context in which they were spoken briefly. 

3. Deconstruct the meaning of a word from the sentence. 

4. Interject a felt-experience; your subjectivity as you interpret a past happening.

Follow the KISS (Keep It Simple, Stupid) principle, but enjoy watching the films.

Sanjiv

IMMERSE, WATCH, LOOK, SEE, SUBTERRANEAN, DEEP, PORTRAY, DEPARTURE, INTERJECT, ANALOGY, METAPHOR

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/13/2025 15:27:36
Subject: Assignment: Watching Films
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? Please watch the attached films. 

Kinky Boots films a real-life situation of intersecting 'symbolic systems' (please Google).

Strictly Ballroom illustrates how society is maintained and reproduced through 'language structures' (please Google), and change occurs by breaking entrenched structures..

Assignment: Please select five sentences spoken from either film as points of departure for your self-reflections. 

Please read the letters up to now so you can better understand the underlying elements of the exercise. It will make selecting your points of departure and reflections easier to ascertain.

Sanjiv

FILM, SITUATION, INTERSECT, ENTRENCH, MAINTAIN, REPRODUCE, ASCERTAIN, DEPARTURE

att/

Kinky Boots

https://drive.google.com/file/d/12h4f1ET-djdMRthz3Trgz0NM4qWKyy5m/view?usp=sharing

Strictly Ballroom

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1RPmv5H4rcf7XNSGb6gCur-qaGJZGIQ7G/view?usp=sharing

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/12/2025 18:58:00
Subject: pedagogical approach
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Our postings in the fishbowl are generating evidence of our processes and practices, and we will be stepping back to write an abstract for INTED. Please see Lauren Martland’s posting below.

What is our pedagogical approach in the fishbowl in the age of AI?

In the fishbowl, we undergo a “functional transformation” in how communication is used to realize something new.

Instead of merely relating a text, we ‘interrupt' the text to show its direction, allowing the viewer to pause and reflect on what they are seeing. 

Please see Mie Carstense’s posting below as an example.

In short, our communication can do more than inform and entertain. It can teach, question, and inspire people to take part in shaping society. This is what we mean by “functional transformation”—changing how we use communication to wake people up, not put them to sleep.

We utilize AI in the fishbowl space to initiate conversations and encourage people to think for themselves. We step back, notice what’s happening, and ask: Why is this the way it is? How so? Could it be different? The goal is to inspire the viewer to think and take action in creating their environment.

Stay tuned—assignments to follow.

Sanjiv

PEDAGOGY, APPROACH, FUNCTIONAL, TRANSFORMATION, INTERRUPT, INITIATE, NEW, ENVIRONMENT

from the fishbowl...

laurenmartland

Posts: 32

Joined: Wed Sep 03, 2025 4:07 pm

Contact: Contact laurenmartland

Re: 20th INTED

Post by laurenmartland » Sat Oct 11, 2025 8:55 pm

Taking and Making Notes

20th INTED (International Technology, Education, and Development Conference)

The 20th INTED Conference is a gathering of over 700 experts from across the world in Valencia, Spain on March 2, 3, and 4 of 2026. Here, participants are involved in oral and poster sessions, interactive workshops, networking events and watch keynote speeches from leading global figures. Abstract submissions are due November 20th of 2025. The accepted abstracts and papers will be published in the INTED2026 Proceedings, and included in the IATED Digital Library as part of the conference's database of innovative projects in Education and Technology.

(INTED2026 - International Education Conference in Spain, 2-4 March 2026)

from the fishbowl...

miejcarstense

Posts: 28

Joined: Wed Sep 03, 2025 2:08 pm

Contact: Contact miejcarstense

on reflection - how so?

Post by miejcarstense » Wed Oct 08, 2025 7:58 pm

When the text says “We reveal ourselves when we share openly,” how so? For me, that connects to soccer. I never realized how much my teammates understood me until I started sharing about my knee injury and the struggle behind the scenes. Instead of being weaker, I became closer to them, and that openness made me feel stronger. That’s how theory becomes real. when you live it.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/9/2025 12:24:06
Subject: crafting concepts
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Being mindful in the fishbowl doesn’t happen automatically. 

Reflecting on what you are doing and why you are doing it, rather than going through the motions, is fundamental to the definition of mindfulness. Staying focused is the key. You are focused on the Self. The mantra is: sorting, sifting, selecting, substituting, and sharing! 

We can only make sense of any given activity, says Deleuze, ‘in terms of what it creates and its mode of creation.’ There is no other truth, according to him, than the creation of the New. The activity in the fishbowl is precisely that---a dynamic activity or process rather than an entity or state. What is primary in every posting is always the creating rather than the created; a writing rather than the written, an expressing rather than the expressed, a conceiving rather than the conceived. Please Google Deleuze & Creativity.

The more creative the posting, the more intensely or inventively expressive it becomes of one's being. 

We view the fishbowl as a constant process of crafting and shaping concepts (things). This understanding introduces a distinctive way of analyzing concepts (thinking about things) that deviates from traditional frameworks (accepted sentence structures; dictionaries). Crucially, we position concepts as perpetually evolving, lacking any fixed definitions or essences. 

Knowing how to utilize the fishbowl postings without being overwhelmed by too much information is, like it or not, an essential ingredient for personal success in this century. Learning how to deploy attention in the digital world is key to succeeding in education, business, and social life. Please Google Attention Economy.

Please see Jeana diNatale's postings below in light of Deleuze’s notion of creativity, mindfulness, and deploying attention.

Sanjiv

CRAFT, SHAPE, MODE, CREATE, NEW, CONCEPT, POSITION, EVOLVE, BEING, BECOME, DEPLOY, ATTENTION

from the fishbowl...

JeanadiNatale

Posts: 17

Joined: Thu Sep 04, 2025 5:30 pm

Contact: Contact JeanadiNatale

Google Searches

Post by JeanadiNatale » Tue Sep 16, 2025 10:32 am

“Textual World” is the space created by a text through its words and structure, which readers enter and shape with their own interpretation. According to Text World Theory, readers actively construct mental worlds guided by the text’s structure. This matters because it shows how texts do not just share information but create worlds of meaning that influence how we think, feel, and understand the ideas and experiences of others.

The lyrics “I’m riding smooth but just a little slow, waiting for the moon to show” are from Bruce Cockburn’s song Waiting for the Moon on his 1983 album The Trouble With Normal. The lyrics capture a moment of reflection and anticipation. The phrase paints a scene of someone moving slowly, patiently awaiting the moon, creating a sense of imagery.

Post by JeanadiNatale » Thu Sep 18, 2025 10:00 am

The 20th International Technology, Education and Development Conference (INTED2026) will take place March 2–4, 2026 in Valencia, Spain. It gathers educators, researchers, and technologists from around the world to share innovations in education and technology. It is important because it provides a global platform for collaboration, new ideas, and advancing the future of teaching and learning. Accepted papers are published in the conference proceedings and indexed in the IATED Digital Library.

Post by JeanadiNatale » Tue Sep 23, 2025 7:54 am

Stanley Fish’s notion of an Interpretive Community

Stanley Fish argues that meaning is not fixed in a text but is shaped by the readers who belong to “interpretive communities.” These communities share assumptions and strategies that guide how they read and understand texts. This means that interpretation is always social and cultural, rather than purely individual.

I think this connects to how we observe others and their understanding of a topic to influence how we understand and perceive the world around us.

Knowledge economy

A knowledge economy is one where growth is driven more by knowledge, skills, and innovation than by physical resources or manual labor. It emphasizes education, research, and information-based industries such as technology and consulting. This shift highlights the growing importance of human capital and intellectual property in shaping economic success.

I think a knowledge economy relates back to the skills we are building in this class, and the importance of communicating information and research succinctly.

Reader-Response Theory

Reader-Response Theory suggests that meaning arises from the interaction between the reader and the text, not from the text alone. Different readers bring their own experiences, cultures, and perspectives, which lead to different interpretations. This theory emphasizes the active role of the reader in creating meaning.

I think that text will always be interpreted slightly differently based on the reader due to the differences in life experiences and knowledge. The Reader-Response Theory highlights how these unique experiences influence our understanding of the text.

Sloterdijk’s Terms

Philosopher Peter Sloterdijk introduced ideas such as spheres and anthropotechnics to describe how humans build worlds and shape themselves through cultural practices. His “spheres” metaphor explores how people live within shared spaces of meaning and protection, while “anthropotechnics” focuses on self-formation and discipline. These terms help explain how individuals and societies create environments that sustain identity and belonging.

I think it is interesting to learn about the ideas around how people develop identity in both shared environments and through more individual practices. It provides context as to where people are coming from when they share their perspectives and opinions.

Post by JeanadiNatale » Thu Sep 25, 2025 10:14 am

The idea of schemas comes from Jean Piaget, a Swiss psychologist who studied cognitive development in the 20th century. Schemas are mental frameworks that we use to organize and interpret information. When we encounter something new, we try to assimilate it by fitting it into existing schemas; if that is not possible, we accommodate by changing or creating schemas to better fit it. These twin processes are central to the process of learning and cognitive growth.

I find it interesting to consider this concept in relation to my own experiences, noticing when I try to connect new information to what I already know, compared to when I need to adjust my understanding to make sense of it.

post by JeanadiNatale » Wed Oct 08, 2025 10:35 pm

Reflexive Methodology is a process where researchers examine their own role and perspective within their work. It involves being aware of how personal experience and context shape interpretation and communication. This approach helps create a more honest and meaningful understanding of research findings.

Top

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/15/2025 13:43:06
Subject: the fishbowl: a new public sphere
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

A new public sphere is unfolding in the fishbowl, one grounded in our collective practices. We are soon to become Stanley Fish’s notion of an Interpretive Community (please Google) in a Knowledge economy (please Google). The Reader-response theory (please Google) examines how we make meaning out of both purely personal reactions and inherited or culturally conditioned ways of reading.

In Sloterdijk’s (please Google) terms, our collective practices may be seen as a new spherological formation—an expanded sphere of resonance in which voices interpenetrate and co-create meaning. For Sloterdijk, human nature is neither fixed nor unchangeable. Instead, humans are self-creating beings who continually engage in practices that shape their bodies, minds, and spirits. He refers to these practices as “anthropotechnics” or “anthropo-technology.” Please see Katherine Gibson’s postings below as an example.

Sanjiv

SPHERE, RESONANCE, COLLECTIVE, INTERPRET, PRACTICE, CO-CREATE, INTER-PENETRATE, MEANING

from the fishbowl...

katherinegibson

Posts: 7

Joined: Wed Sep 03, 2025 2:09 pm

Contact: Contact katherinegibson

Vocabulary

Post by katherinegibson » Wed Sep 03, 2025 2:17 pm

Hi, my name is Kate Gibson.

Re: Vocabulary

Post by katherinegibson » Thu Sep 04, 2025 9:00 am

RENDER -- to prove or give (Oxford Languages). In regard to the first letter and after reading the syllabus, I believe this word is meant for students to realize that they will render their own knowledge and become vulnerable to learning more. It will allow us to admit that we don't know everything, and we must be open to learning and accepting new aspects about ourselves.

IMPLICIT -- implied though not plainly expressed (Oxford Languages). To relate it back to the first letter, I think that "Implicit" is for students to realize that there are implicit instructions that's incorporated in this course. It involves the idea that learning isn't what is lectured or instructed to us, but we must find ways to reflect and become engaged with what is said to us.

EXPLICIT -- stated clearly and in detail, leaving no room for confusion (Oxford Languages). Based on the first letter, this must relate to the fact that there will be some instruction that students are meant to find explicit. We have a portion of clear guidelines that we must fulfill to have success in this class.

COGNITIVE FORM -- the process of knowledge being developed in the brain (Oxford Languages). Predicated on the first letter, this word is meant to enrapture that students must view this class as cognitive form, not just recalling a basic definition of these vocabulary words.

KNOWLEDGE -- awareness or familiarity gained by experience of a fact or situation (Oxford Languages). After reading the first letter, I conquer that this word is for students to accept that knowledge will always be increasing/expanding. With reading each other's vocabulary posts, we gain new insights and learn a little bit more with each one.

KNOW -- to be aware of through observation, inquiry, or information (Oxford Languages). I think this word is used to have students realize they will need to recognize that awareness and involvement is necessary to genuinely have "knowledge" on something. So, as said before, we will need to engage with these words and actually make an effort to reflect based on the context of the letters and our own thinking style.

INWARD -- directed or processing toward the inside, coming from the outside (Oxford Languages). The first letter makes me believe that this means students should be self-reflecting during this course in order to gain the most out of it. It requires learning external knowledge (such as the google searches) but also makes us understand ourselves more as we navigate which definition is best and how it relates to the letter given to us. This will showcase how our thinking works -- which in turn makes us know more about ourselves.

UNFOLD -- reveal or disclose (thoughts or information) (Oxford Languages). This word relates to students as it is the descriptive word for how our learning will run its course. It will slowly unfold throughout the semester. As new ideas and perspectives are given to us, we unfold new knowledge.

COMPREHENSIBLE -- able to be understood; intelligible (Oxford Languages). What was interesting is that this word only has one definition in the Oxford Languages Dictionary. This proves to me that this word has a very universal understanding of what it is. But it relates to the letter and syllabus because I take it as a sign that students will find that acquiring new knowledge is more comprehensible when we make an effort to actually connect new ideas, observe, and simply listen to what others have to say.

Re: Vocabulary

Post by katherinegibson » Mon Sep 08, 2025 3:36 pm

AWKWARD – not smooth or graceful (Oxford Languages). I think in relation to the letter, this describes how learning may go throughout this course. As said in class, this class is not “linear”, and so we’re expected to make mistakes and have awkward moments, but that just means we (Students) are adjusting.

ROLE – the function assumed, or part played by a person or thing in a particular situation (Oxford Languages). I think this means that every student is going to have to figure out their role in this class. Because we bring different perspectives and diversity, each of us have our own role in these letters in giving our perceived thoughts.

EXPECTATION – a belief that someone will or should achieve something (Oxford Languages). I believe this can relate to how the class will run. Students have expectations of themselves that they are trying to perform and produce, but that’s not what the professor is explicitly looking for. As said in class, we aren’t supposed to worry about the “grade” and the “A” is what most students strive for in every class. So, this word gives students a new meaning of what is actually expected of us and how we will contribute to this learning curve between ourselves and other classmates.

NEGOTIATE – obtain or bring about discussion (Oxford Languages). People will have different ideas that they post and it all adds to the discussion.

SHARE – a part or portion of a larger amount which is divided among a number of people, or to which a number of people contribute” (Oxford Languages). Each student in this class is going to share some type of confusion or concern and that’s part of the learning journey the professor has set up for us.

UNDERSTANDING – the power of abstract thought; intellect (Oxford Languages). With each “letter” that we receive, we will all gain new intellect that will affect how we learn and think.

CONCEPT – an abstract idea; a general notion (Oxford Languages). Throughout these letters, we will learn new concepts that will add to our learning. We will start branching out to forming new ideas and concepts that we most likely wouldn’t have thought of before.

WORD – a single distinct meaningful element of speech or writing, used with others (or sometimes alone) to form a sentence… (Oxford Languages). To create discussions and provide our own thinking, we need words. Words are how we communicate in the classroom, and it enables humans to share ideas and knowledge.

ASSEMBLAGE – the action of gathering or fitting things together (Oxford Languages). As we go through this course, our ideas and perspectives will start to click, and we learn how to successfully navigate this class.

IDEA – a thought or suggestion as to a possible course of action (Oxford Languages). Students communicating their thoughts and understanding will lead to students forming new ideas on different aspects of learning.

MEANINGFUL – having a serious, important, or useful quality or purpose (Oxford Languages). These discussions and posts will become meaningful, as each post has a purpose and that is to lead to collaboration and the exchange of understanding across various subjects.

Re: Vocabulary

Post by katherinegibson » Tue Sep 09, 2025 2:09 pm

STRUCTURE – the arrangement of and relations between the parts or elements of something complex (Oxford Languages).

SYNTAX – the arrangement of words and phrases to create well-formed snetences in a language (Oxford Languages). We use syntax to be able to portray different ideas and form new conversations.

SYMBOL– a thing that represents or stands for something else, especially a material object representing something abstract (Oxford Languages).

IMAGE – a representation of the external form of a person or thing in art (Oxford Languages). Exchanging ideas and statements allows students to create new images in their head.

REPRESENT – be entitled or appointed to act or speak for (someone), especially in an official capacity (Oxford Languages).

PERSONIFY – attribute a personal nature or human characteristics to (something nonhuman) (Oxford Languages).

INCARNATE – embody or represent (a deity or spirit) in human form (Oxford Languages).

EMBODY – be an expression of or give a tangible or visible form to (an idea, quality, or feeling) (Oxford Languages).

MANIFEST – will (something) into being by the exercise of mental powers or through force of belief (Oxford Languages).

Re: Vocabulary

Post by katherinegibson » Wed Sep 10, 2025 1:43 pm

COHESIVE– tending to unify, harmonize, or be consistent (thefreedictionary.com). Being cohesive allows for better performance on tasks and a better sense of belonging among groups of people.

GROUP– a number of people or things that are located close together or are considered or classed together (Oxford Languages). It involves having forming relationships and people coming together.

SOCIETY– the aggregate of people living together in a more or less ordered community (Oxford Languages). The larger the society, the more likely it will be that groups start to operate and form identities

CULTURE– the customs, arts, social institutions, and achievements of a particular nation, people, or other social group (Oxford Languages). As this class continues, the culture will change. We will develop new cultural habits, such as creating meaning, reading others' thoughts, and actually registering the new information we learn.

CONJURE– implore (someone) to do something (Oxford Languages). With the words we use to exchange new ideas and perspectives, we are able to bring it into a discussion. That implores us to learn something new.

TEXT– a written work chosen or assigned as a subject of study (Oxford Languages). The text we write is the backbone of the discussion that transforms our interpretations.

TRANSPARENT – easy to perceive or detect (Oxford Languages). Students have an obligation to be transparent with their thoughts and be vulnerable to letting others see how we think, which adds authenticity.

SUSTAINABLE– able to be maintained at a certain rate or level (Oxford Languages). The class vocabulary posts must be consistent so the practices continue. It seems that, after previous classes, the way we’re learning will carry forward into future classes.

GENERATIVE– relating to or capable of product or reproduction (Oxford Languages). The work students are doing is going to spark new discussions, and it is going to expand our knowledge. The fishbowl acts as a community that will generate growth for everyone.

Re: Vocabulary

Post by katherinegibson » Sat Sep 13, 2025 10:15 pm

PRACTICE– the actual application or use of an idea, belief, or method, as opposed to theories relating to it (Oxford Languages). Students are committed to practice the action of google searching and forming new ideas when reading other posts.

SORT – a category of things or people having some common feature; a type (Oxford Languages).

SIFT– examine (something) thoroughly so as to isolate that which is most important or useful (Oxford Languages). It is easy for us to filter out ideas that don’t resonate with us but that will only hinder the learning process.

SELECT– carefully choose as being the best or most suitable (Oxford Languages). We, as students, are using our best judgement to select the definition that fits the best though our google searches.

SUBSTITUTE – use or add in place of (Oxford Languages).

LISTEN – give one’s attention to a sound (Oxford Languages). Students have enough humbleness about them to hear out other perspectives.

ELEMENT– a part or aspect of something abstract especially one that is essential or characteristic (Oxford Languages). Each word used is an element to form the definition each student chose to display.

WHOLE– all of; entire (Oxford Languages)

STRUCTURE– the arrangement of and relations between the parts or elements of something complex (Oxford Languages). Students are creating sentences that showcase a purpose. Because students think differently; reading these definitions enable the majority of the other students to see how someone else thinks.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/13/2025 13:32:13
Subject: listening to words
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

In our 'textual world,' we call the fishbowl, listening to the meaning of words, is fundamental to our existence. Words are the elements that keep the whole together. Listening is key, and we are making it a practice.

We are developing the practice of sorting, sifting, selecting, and substituting words to create (sentence) structures.

Sanjiv

PRACTICE, SORT, SIFT, SELECT, SUBSTITUTE, LISTEN, ELEMENT, WHOLE, STRUCTURE

from the fishbowl...taking and making notes

vanessajayala

Posts: 6

Joined: Wed Sep 03, 2025 4:08 pm

Contact: Contact vanessajayala

Taking & Making Notes

Post by vanessajayala » Thu Sep 11, 2025 10:42 pm

In the Wisdom Library, the textual world "encompasses the foundational texts underpinning Buddhist rituals."

In the Textual world of the bible, "its composition and intertextuality are what make it a representation of reality."

In the text world theory is "a cognitive linguistic model of human discourse processing."

Three different websites I visited all gave different but similar meanings. The textual world refers to the imagined universe created within written text, where characters, settings, events, and ideas exist independently from the real world. Authors build a textual world to convey meaning, explore themes, and create emotional responses. It becomes vivid and believable, inviting readers to interact in unique ways. The textual world serves as a bridge between the author's intentions and the reader's understanding.

from the fishbowl...the meaning of words

EamonMcLaughlin

Posts: 5

Joined: Wed Sep 03, 2025 2:09 pm

Contact: Contact EamonMcLaughlin

Re: Vocabulary

post by EamonMcLaughlin » Thu Sep 11, 2025 5:46 pm

Vocab 1

Render: To cause or to become. EX: The sinkhole rendered the road useless.

Implicit: Implied, rather than expressly stated. You must infer what is wanted.

Explicit: Fully and clearly expressed or demonstrated. Being told directly what is wanted.

Cognitive Form: The act or process of knowing, perceiving. How you understand things.

Knowledge: everything you know to be true with the information you have.

Know: What you understand to be the truth with a degree of certainty.

Inward: What is towards the center or inside of something.

Unfold: to make something no longer folded or to watch a reveal of something.

Comprehensible: Making something understandable for people to easily get.

Re: Vocabulary

post by EamonMcLaughlin » Thu Sep 11, 2025 6:03 pm

Vocab 2

Awkward: A feeling of embarrassment often in social situations.

Role: A small part by a person in a greater group.

Expectation: What you believe something should be in the future.

Negotiate: Talking with another person to find a middle ground that you both can agree on.

Share: Giving an idea or physical object to someone so they can also experience it.

Understanding: The ability to comprehend why a person says or does something. It could also mean being able to comprehend complex topics.

Concept: An idea of something formed by mentally combining all its characteristics

Word: A single thing spoken or written and multiple can create a sentence. The basic building block for every sentence.

Assemble: To put together or gather in a place

Idea: A thought that comes to a person

Meaningful: Putting a good amount of effort into what you are doing so others will see that you have tried.

Re: Vocabulary

post by EamonMcLaughlin » Thu Sep 11, 2025 6:16 pm

Vocab 3

Structure: Any type of building or an organization of things to form a group or plan.

Syntax: An arrangement of rules of patterns that form a sentence.

Symbol: Something used to represent a person, place, thing, or idea.

Image: A physical representation of a person, place, or thing.

Represent: To show others another's values with your actions and words.

Personify: To embody or represent an idea or person.

Incarnate: to embody something in physical form.

Embody: to give a concrete form to an idea or belief

Manifest: A record of people on a mode of transportation or a belief that you will obtain something.

Re: Vocabulary

post by EamonMcLaughlin » Thu Sep 11, 2025 6:30 pm

Vocab 4

Cohesive: Things that stick together and don’t come apart. It can be physical or mental.

Group: Any collections of people or things.

Society: An organized group of people that share things in common such as beliefs and morals.

Culture: A quality in a person that is shared and promoted by a group of people.

Conjure: To call something into existence from nothing.

Text: Any form of writing that people can read such as books, scrolls, or messages on a phone.

Transparent: Something that is see through or a person who is trying to be as honest as possible.

Sustainable: Something that is able to be maintained with minimal effort.

Generative: Something that is able to create new things.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/10/2025 19:20:58
Subject: Conference Call for Abstracts due Nov 20.
------------------------------------------------------------
Please Google 20thINTED

Sanjiv

From: "INTED2026" <inted2026@iated.org>

Subject: Call for Abstracts now open! 20th INTED conference. 2-4 March 2025 - Valencia, Spain

Date: September 7, 2025 at 4:25:55 PM EDT

To: <sanjivdugal@gmail.com>

Reply-To: inted2026@iated.org

Dear Sanjiv Dugal,

It is a pleasure to announce that the 20th INTED (International Technology, Education, and Development Conference) will take place on the 2nd-4th of March 2026 in Valencia, Spain.

For two decades, INTED has brought together lecturers, researchers, technologists, and professionals from more than 75 countries, establishing itself as a leading platform to present projects, exchange ideas, and foster international collaboration in education.

SUBMIT YOUR ABSTRACT!

Authors can present their contributions in three different formats: Oral, Poster, or Virtual.

You can submit your abstract at: https://iated.org/inted/online_submission

The deadline for abstract submission is November 20th, 2025

TOP REASONS TO ATTEND INTED2026

- Present your work to an international audience of experts.

- Gain fresh insights on education while networking with participants from all over the world.

- Join the oral and poster sessions, keynote speeches, social events and hands-on workshops.

- Publish your contribution in the INTED2026 Proceedings.

PUBLICATIONS

- All accepted contributions will be indexed in the IATED Digital Library to form part of our database of innovative projects in Education and Technology.

- Each accepted contribution will be assigned a DOI number for citation and visibility.

VIRTUAL PARTICIPATION

If you cannot travel to Valencia, you can still participate and have your abstract and paper published in the INTED2026 Proceedings.

Additionally, by registering as a virtual author, you will have access to the online keynote speeches, virtual presentations, and the full conference proceedings.

We look forward to celebrating this 20th Anniversary with you!

Best wishes,

INTED2026 Technical Secretariat

Email: inted2026@iated.org

Website: https://iated.org/inted

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/10/2025 14:10:28
Subject: riding smooth but just a little slow, waiting for the moon to show
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. Welcome, again and again, to the fishbowl. I hope it will be a time of great learning for you.

From the looks of it, I believe you have the logistics down; and, you have done your first postings of vocabulary and introduction to your name.

We’ve come a long way in a very short time, and the credit goes to you. Our purpose in the fishbowl is to form a cohesive group by using words. To form a society and a culture conjured by our text, that is transparent, sustainable, and generative.

We enter this ‘textual world’ (please Google) that we are forming with a structure, namely:

1. Vocabulary. You can substitute the name of this category by Concepts; Meaning of words; Definitions. This is an example of flexibility.

2. Google Searches. It is really, Taking Notes & Making Notes. Call it that.

3.Deep Thinking (or Deconstruction or Felt-Experiences).

4. Assignments.

Before the week is out, I will be sure to mail you the following:

logistics again for latecomers;

conference call in Valencia, Spain for Abstracts;

genesis of the fishbowl.

As of now, we are meeting once a week, and our real presence, which is not physical, will be felt in the fishbowl.

Stay with it. That means reading everything three times. Make it a principle. 

"I'm riding smooth but just a little slow, waiting for the moon to show". An image from a song by Bruce Coburn. (please Google)

Sanjiv

COHESIVE, GROUP, SOCIETY, CULTURE, CONJURE, TEXT, TRANSPARENT, SUSTAINABLE, GENERATIVE

from the fishbowl…

kathysantiago

Posts: 85

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2025 11:14 am

Contact: Contact kathysantiago

Re: The Meaning Of Words

post by kathysantiago » Tue Sep 09, 2025 6:09 pm

Awkward: Something or someone that is clumsy, lacks grace, is difficult to handle or use, or causes embarrassment in social situations.

Role: The function assumed or part played by a person or thing in a particular situation.

Expectation: A strong belief that something will happen or be the case in the future.

Negotiate: To obtain or bring about something by discussion.

Share: A part or portion of a larger amount which is divided among a number of people, or to which a number of people contribute to.

Understanding: The ability to understand something and or comprehend it.

Concept: An abstract idea; a general notion. Something conceived in the mind like a thought.

Word: A single distinct meaningful element of speech or writing, used with others, or sometimes alone, to form a sentence.

Assemblage: A collection or gathering of things or people.

Idea: A thought or suggestion as to a possible course of action.

Meaningful: Something that has meaning, depth, purpose and importance.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/8/2025 12:43:23
Subject: Assignment 1: Sharing Reflections on our Names
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. My antecedents are from Punjab in India/Pakistan and the Sikh greeting is Sat Sri Akaal, which means Truth is Eternal. And Namaste, the predominantly Indian greeting, acknowledges the spirit in you. I like the short American version: Hi there!

At birth we are given a name which has a historical, cultural and contextual meaning. This word, one’s name, is a symbol and has an image attached. We personify the name and we are its manifestation, or indeed, we are not. We are the incarnation or embodiment of a person or idea.

We enter the world with a syntax. Please read your postings in the fishbowl in that light. Please see Ridouane Cailloce’s posting below as an example. 

So what structure do you represent? To address such a complex question, it is best to start at your beginning. Hence the first assignment.

Sanjiv

STRUCTURE, SYNTAX, SYMBOL, IMAGE, REPRESENT, PERSONIFY, INCARNATE, EMBODY, MANIFEST

from the fishbowl...

Ridouane Cailloce

Posts: 3

Joined: Wed Sep 03, 2025 2:09 pm

Contact: Contact Ridouane Cailloce

Assignment 1

Post by Ridouane Cailloce » Sun Sep 07, 2025 11:09 pm

The name Ridouane is not very common, right ?

I discovered while looking for some information about it that the name Ridouane has a lot of derivatives (Radhwan, Redouane, Redwan, etc.).

In addition, the name Ridouane comes from the Arabic name ridwãn, which means satisfaction, pleasure, and approval at the same time.

Even though this name isn't used that much throughout the world, its Arabic roots show that I have a meaningful name !

Indeed, as mentioned previously, this names could refer to pleasure but it also refers to an angel called Ridwan, who's in charge of keeping one of the seven heaven's gates.

As a reference in the islamic religion, this names embodies spiritual and positive connotations, as well as divine flavor and a life pleasing of God.

Therefore, I always wondered why did my parents gave me this name in particular ? Why Ridouane specifically and why not another name ?

So, according to my parents, due to the fact that my mother is French and my dad is Algerian, they both wanted to give me a religious name.

In facts, I am a muslim, and so my parents are, so they decided to look for a muslim name obviously, but an orignal one.

At first they were questioning about Nasser, but my mother thought Ridouane would be better, due to its meaning.

They wanted me to be unique, orignal, to have a strong and beautiful personality. So my parents agreed on calling me Ridouane, with that orthography especially, to make it more rare, and original.

So that's my name, Ridouane, a name that conveys a strong message based on religious beliefs, and I am very proud of my name, I would never change it for any other names.

Top

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/8/2025 0:51:00
Subject: the meaning of words
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope your first week went well and you are off on a good start. 

In business or academic settings, the first meeting is always awkward because roles and expectations are still being negotiated. People are sizing each other up, trying to balance formality with authenticity. Over time, that awkwardness gives way to shared understanding, and the very people who once exchanged stiff pleasantries may become trusted partners or collaborators. Exchanging the meaning of words is the bedrock, the foundation of all castles in the air.

Please see the concepts (words) shared by Luke Jerman below. His posting is an assemblage of ideas which holds the promise something meaningful. 

Sanjiv

AWKWARD, ROLE, EXPECTATION, NEGOTIATE, SHARE, UNDERSTANDING, CONCEPT, WORD, ASSEMBLAGE, IDEA, MEANINGFUL

from the fishbowl...

LukeJerman

Posts: 3

Joined: Wed Sep 03, 2025 2:09 pm

Contact: Contact LukeJerman

Re: Vocabulary

post by LukeJerman » Sun Sep 07, 2025 3:59 pm

Render means to create or become something. When I think of rendering the first thing that comes to mind is a computer rendering. Render has a lot of definitions but I like to think of it as causing or developing something.

Implicit means implied or connected closely with something. If something is implicit it doesn't need to be said. If two ideas are implicit they are very closely tied together.

Explicit is the opposite of implicit. It's something that is clearly defined. Simple terms that leave no room for interpretation.

Cognitive is the process of your mind. Thinks applies to anything you learn, study, or think about. When I hear this word I think of cognitive thinking which refers to how the brain processes information.

Form is shaping something. When you form something you change its identity into what you want it to be.

Knowledge is the things that you understand. If you have knowledge on a topic you know the ins and outs of it.

Know are the things you are aware of.

Inward is going towards the middle. Looking inward is looking deep into something.

Unfold means to open or reveal something. If you unfold a situation you are looking deep into it to see what happened.

Comprehensible is something that is easy to understand. If you comprehend something you understand it fully.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/3/2025 15:49:57
Subject: Syllabus for MGT 448: International and Cultural Dimensions of Business
------------------------------------------------------------
UNIVERSITY OF RHODE ISLAND

COLLEGE OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION

FALL, 2025

Sanjiv S. Dugal, Ph.D.

314 Ballantine

Human Resource Management

Address: sanjivdugal@uri.edu

Office Hours: MW: 1-2 pm

MGT 448

INTERNATIONAL AND CULTURAL DIMENSIONS OF BUSINESS

PREFACE

“As we globalize, we increasingly have to interact, manage, negotiate, and compromise with people from different cultures. Working with people whose values and beliefs, as well as languages and customs, differ from your own can lead to costly misunderstandings. Experience tells us, often painfully, that one’s behavior, actions, and decisions are not separate from one’s values and beliefs. All social behavior is embedded in a particular context and is connected to other deeply held values and beliefs. This means that the stakes are high for mismanaging cultural differences.” (Lisa Hoecklin, 'Managing Cultural Differences: Strategies for Competitive Advantage,' The Economist Intelligence Unit Series, Addison-Wesley, 1995)

I. INTRODUCTION 

How do you navigate and negotiate a situation that is foreign and strange? A situation where the Other's language, customs, and culture (values and. beliefs) are unknown, and you have no predetermined script nor map on the ground. Under these circumstances, what skills are necessary to collaborate successfully on projects together?

II. PROBING DIFFERENCES

"In a global marketplace, many leading international business scholars are arguing that sustainable competitive advantages are increasingly changing from ‘harder ’ efficiency sources to ‘softer ’ effectiveness sources, such as managing differences in values and beliefs. Our differences provide a reflective lens to see where we're positioned concerning each other." (Hoecklin).

In the course, we are comparing broad value differences between America and Japan, America and China, and America and India. Values, according to Geert Hofstede’s definition, are ‘a broad tendency to prefer a particular state of affairs over others.’ The course identifies four dimensions of value differences across cultures, viz., Power Distance, Uncertainty Avoidance, Individualism/Collectivism, and Masculinity/Femininity. 

Managing differences among ourselves gives the course not only an identity but also its competitive advantage. The course fulfills the logical sequence of: 

Awareness (of differences among ourselves), 

Knowledge (of those differences), and 

Communication (of those differences). 

These three traits, viz., awareness, knowledge, and communication, underlie the development of cross-cultural skills (Geert Hofstede). Empirical evidence suggests that creating sustainable advantages when interacting with people from different cultures, at home and abroad, will require the following skills:

a. an ability to express

b. flexibility in thought and action

c. sharing and disclosing one’s position in a situation

d. abstracting from the particulars of an interaction

During the semester, we are developing these capabilities on a digital platform called The Fishbowl.

III. METHODOLOGIES: PARTICIPANT OBSERVATION, INTERPRETIVISM, SYMBOLIC INTERACTIONISM

The course utilizes research methods such as Participant Observation, Interpretivism, Social Reflexivity, and Symbolic Interactionism for addressing Cultural questions such as:

How do you experience the Other’s culture?

That is, how do you experience the Other’s deeply held values and beliefs?

What do you see?

How do you feel?

What did you do?

IV. TEXT

1. Letters in the Fishbowl: The Fishbowl is a social network of writing/viewing/experiencing. The Fishbowl is something knowable only through specific fishbowl practices and contingencies that occur during the semester.You will receive around 100 letters explicitly written to you for safe-keeping and re-reading, because the text in the letters represents a potential effect that is realized in the reading process. 

Reading is therefore your focal point, for it sets in motion a whole chain of activities that depend both on the text and on the exercise of your basic human faculties.

2. ‘Exploring Culture, Exercises, Stories and Synthetic Cultures,’ by Gert van Hofstede, Paul B. Pedersen, and Geert Hofstede. Intercultural Press, Boston, London, 2002.

Real-life exercises and stories, all accompanied by debriefings, make this book ideally suited for self-study. Specific activities and exercises are steps towards awareness and knowledge of differences. We will practice intercultural communication skills, and playfully experience what it feels and means to be a ‘foreigner.’

3. Films: Kinky Boots, Japanese Story, Moonrise Kingdom, Outsourced, Iron & Silk.

We deconstruct and decode text and images to discern the underlying cultural assumptions and structures that are at play.

V. GRADE DISTRIBUTION

1. Regularity and Quality of Participation in the Fishbowl: 50%

There will be ongoing assignments that will help you develop a knowledge and understanding of the four dimensions of culture-related values, namely, identity (individualism/collectivism), gender (masculinity/femininity), power distance, and uncertainty avoidance. These interactive assignments are 50% of your grade.

2. Attending to Meaning in Social Space: 30%

We attend to meaning by sharing, responding, and listening to each other. Working in the Fishbowl is an interactive practice of shared words, symbols, images, and felt-experiences. Your process will be assessed by the importance you place on 'attending to meaning.' 

“When operating in a global economy, if you want your philosophies, objectives, products, and services to be not only understood but also believed by employees, customers, and partners in different cultures, you must attend to what these things mean to the people in each culture.” (Hoecklin, p.3)

3. Final: A Self-Reflexive Process 20%

In the final analysis, you’re exploring differences in meanings that existed when working together on a particular idea. Your final paper (3 pages, double–spaced and constructed individually) presents your fishbowl experience as a coherent idea. You're obliged to become self-reflexive, suspend preconceptions, and reflect upon the culture of a fishbowl at the University of Rhode Island.

VI. SELF-ASSESSMENT IN THE FISHBOWL

Learning is about actively combining enriching experiences with academic rigor and creative opportunities. Interaction during the semester requires the courage to push back against the boundaries of past experiences and explore the possibilities available to you. In MGT448, you experience the excitement of discovering what you are capable of achieving, far more than you ever felt or thought possible. The following elements are essential for this experience:

* Knowledge

* Concept

* Skill

* Attitude

* Action

The student is able to make accurate self-assessments at any point during the semester based upon the following criteria:

BEGINNING (B) 

You have basic knowledge and skills. 

DEVELOPING (D)

You are making conceptual connections. 

ACHIEVING (A)

You have acquired knowledge and skills, and are making conceptual connections, thereby developing new learning.

EXCELLING (E)

You are applying knowledge and skills beyond grade-level expectations and demonstrating self-initiated action in unfamiliar situations. You are self-motivated and an independent learner.

Faster and better learning through realization is a large part of the assessment logic.

VII. CONCLUSION: FISHBOWL LEARNER PROFILE

The Fishbowl aims to develop globally minded participants who recognize their common purpose and shared responsibility in creating a culture of learning. 

As fellow participants in a fishbowl, we strive To Be the following:

1. Inquirers 

We nurture our curiosity, developing skills for inquiry and research.

2. Knowledgeable 

We develop and use conceptual understanding, exploring knowledge across a range of disciplines. We engage with issues and ideas that have local and global significance.

3. Thinkers 

We use critical and creative thinking skills to analyze and take responsible action on complex issues. We exercise initiative in making reasoned, ethical decisions.

4. Communicators 

We express ourselves with confidence and creativity in many ways. We collaborate actively, listening carefully to the perspectives of other individuals and groups.

5. Principled 

We act with integrity and honesty, guided by a strong sense of fairness and justice, and with respect for the dignity and rights of others. We take responsibility for our actions and their consequences.

6. Open-minded 

We critically appreciate our own culture and personal history, as well as the values and traditions of others. We seek and evaluate a range of points of view, and we are willing to grow from the experience.

7. Caring 

We show empathy, compassion, and respect. We are committed to service, and we strive to make a positive difference in the lives of others and in the world around us.

8. Risk-takers 

We approach uncertainty with forethought and determination, working independently and cooperatively to explore new ideas and innovative strategies. We are resourceful and resilient in the face of challenges and change.

9. Balanced 

We understand the importance of balancing different aspects of our lives, including intellectual, physical, and emotional, to achieve well-being for ourselves and others. We recognize our interdependence with other people.

10. Reflective 

We thoughtfully consider the world and our ideas and experience. We work to understand our strengths and weaknesses to support our learning and personal development.

WELCOME TO MGT 448

ADDENDUM 1: CONCEPTS UNDERLYING INTERNATIONAL DIMENSIONS

FISHBOWL TECHNOLOGY

Knowledge outcomes 

provider and user value 

knowledge-work 

ways of doing knowledge

range of experience 

range of caring 

learning process 

learning outcome 

level of engagement 

generating subjectivities 

interactive systems 

felt experiences 

relational practice 

dialogical exchange

aesthetic response

sharing process 

creating interactively

creative dialectic 

working towards commonality 

focused presence 

conversation and dialog 

constant assessment 

discerning emerging story-line 

responsibility and result 

commitment to aesthetic response 

transparency and authenticity 

engagement and impact 

attitude and motivation 

vocabulary and thought-images 

resonance and calibration 

meaning and significance

ADDENDUM 2: FIVE OBJECTIVES STATED BY UNIVERSITY OF RHODE ISLAND:

1. Acquiring skills in working with others as a member of a team.

2. Developing creative capacities (writing, inventing, designing, performing).

3. Developing skill in expressing oneself in writing.

4. Learning how to critically evaluate ideas, arguments, and points of view.

5. Acquiring an interest in learning more by asking questions and seeking answers.

Success requires that you keep pace with the work, understand course concepts, and study effectively. The Academic Enhancement Center (www.uri.edu/aec) is a great place to do this. At the AEC you can work alone or in groups, and tutors and professional learning specialists are available to help you to learn, manage your time and work, and study well. They’re open Monday through Thursday from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. and Fridays until 1 p.m. All services are free (the coffee is free as well!), and no appointment is needed. You can call them for complete information at 874-2367, or just stop by the center on the fourth floor of Roosevelt Hall. 

THANK YOU

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/3/2025 0:07:08
Subject: Welcome! MGT345 and MGT448: Society and Culture
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Welcome to the Fall 2025 semester! I’m excited to begin this journey with you and wish you all the best for a rewarding semester ahead.

In this course, we’ll experiment with how we communicate and reflect—building habits that make learning more engaging and meaningful.

With AI becoming such a big part of our world, our focus will be on making complex ideas clearer and more usable—turning what’s hidden or implicit into something we can truly understand. In other words, our work together will be about unfolding knowledge in ways that help us see and know more deeply.

At the heart of the course is a simple question: how do we keep remaking ourselves—through culture, discipline, technology, and now AI? Instead of dwelling on abstract theory, we’ll explore practices of self-formation and survival in today’s global, technological world.

Rendering the implicit explicit will be the cognitive form for the course.

Please see Lauren Marsella’s reflection below. Her experience and way of being, I hope, will help set the stage for the semester. 

Syllabus for MGT345: Business & Society is attached.

Looking forward,

Sanjiv

RENDER, IMPLICIT, EXPLICIT, COGNITIVE FORM, KNOWLEDGE, KNOW, INWARD, UNFOLD, COMPREHENSIBLE

from the fishbowl...

Laurenmarsella

Posts: 50

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2025 10:09 am

Contact: Contact Laurenmarsella

Felt experiences

Post by Laurenmarsella » Thu May 01, 2025 6:09 pm

At the beginning of the semester, I was unsure about how to use the Fishbowl and what it meant to me but over time, I understood the concepts from the letters every week. It took me awhile to figure out how to post, how to reply, and what was due, but I listened, I watched others, I observed carefully each letter, and I reflected on every one. I learned so much from this course, and through the fishbowl. It taught me how to interpret vocabulary from a multiplexed lens, and to not always view everything as black and white. I was able to gain your perspective on your letters, and able to gain other people’s perspectives based on their responses. I enjoyed learning from others, and taking that knowledge and applying it through my own experience. Seeking wisdom from others and helping each other in that way is so significant, and is a crucial part of growth. I feel this semester I took with me a lot, and will carry this knowledge and awareness with me for the rest of my life. This is not only a fishbowl, it is a community. A community to learn, adapt, evolve, and change. Change how we view the world, change our mindset on how we can make a difference. I always want to be a life long learner and this class has taught me in doing so. To never stop reading, and reading, and writing. To make reading and writing a life long habit and hobby. I have a strong passion for both, and want to continue growing from this experience. This class has taught me the most, in a very special and different way. It taught me how to never give up even when I didn’t understand or couldn’t comprehend a word, phrase, or paragraph. Searching and googling to strengthen our vocabulary and expand our knowledge has been something I deeply enjoyed doing. I thank you for this class, and for this opportunity, as this class is meaningful and important for all students to take. You learn how to be a good listener, a good researcher, a good observer, and a good writer. The fishbowl is a world of its own, one that is beautiful and sacred to this course. Thank you very much.

Sincerely,

Lauren Marsella

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/2/2025 22:30:07
Subject: Syllabus for MGT345: Business and Society
------------------------------------------------------------
University of Rhode Island

COLLEGE OF BUSINESS

FALL, 2025

BUSINESS AND SOCIETY

MGT 345

SANJIV S. DUGAL

sanjivdugal@uri.edu

314 Ballantine Hall

OFFICE HOURS: MW 1-2 pm

“MGT 345 is about becoming who you are. Upon completing the course, you are not arriving at any fixed destination, nor will you find some permanent room with a view. But you will see and experience for yourselves that whenever you reach for the highest, you become who you are.” (Toni Morrison)

WELCOME TO MGT 345

 

I. INTRODUCTION: MASS MEDIA AND SCHOLARLY PRACTICE

Major social changes reshape how we experience time and space (Manuel Castells, 2010). Today, the biggest changes are happening in communication technologies, which are creating new social spaces and ways of interacting. Communication technology includes traditional tools like telephones and office hours, as well as digital innovations like AI platforms, email, social media, mobile apps, and video conferencing.

Using these technologies thoughtfully can support meaningful intellectual work. In this context, the course highlights how mass media and scholarly practice intersect.

II. BUILDING A SOCIETY: A NETWORK OF VISUAL REALITY

The question we are confronting in the course: what is your ‘way of seeing’ the world? What is the visual reality of your social space and network? A ‘way of seeing’ is the key manifestation of ‘the network society’ according to Manuel Castells. 

Participants in MGT 345 develop and experience two interrelated concepts during the semester: A Network Society and a Visual Reality. We will be creating a network of perceptual spaces characterized by the sharing of “thought images” among ourselves. Our networks reflect distinctive realities that are “individuations” and outside any regulation. That is to say, we will be developing unique social relations (forms of relatedness) that are manifestations of our networks of text and thought images. The result is a visual reality —a ‘way of seeing’ and ‘being’ in the world — that is unique to us, the participants. 

III. COURSE DICTUM: DESCRIBE THINGS

In the course, you work as a phenomenologist whose dictum is: Describe Things! The things that you describe denote any ordinary thing, object, or event as it presents itself to your experience, rather than as it may or may not be in reality. To ‘describe’ is to strip away distractions, habits, cliches of thought, presumptions, and received ideas, to return attention to what is called ‘things in themselves.’ To capture them exactly as they appear, rather than as you think they are supposed to be. Like blind-tasting! In the course, you ‘set aside’ or ‘bracket out’ theorizing and moralizing about what the thing is, so that you are left only with the intense and immediate experience of the phenomenon. 

The result is a great liberation. It frees you to talk about your experience as a serious topic of investigation. The course provides participants with a formal means of accessing their human experience. 

In other words, we’re concerned with concrete felt-experiences and individual aesthetic responses. We discuss our own lives while remaining methodical and rigorous. Our rigor is concerned with describing phenomena. Saying the music concert or the homework assignment was great is not enough. You must remain committed to telling the experience. Traditionally, we begin learning from theories in textbooks. In this course, you’re going straight for life as you experienced it at the moment. For instance, what does it mean to be in this very moment as you read this letter? Anticipation, or Intimidation, perhaps? What is it for this thing ‘anticipation’ or ‘intimidation’ to exist, To Be? Until we ask such fundamental questions, we will not make any progress in understanding the experience of these words. Our method is to disregard intellectual clutter and pay attention to ‘things,’ letting them reveal themselves.

IV. COURSE METHOD: ETHNOGRAPHIC ACTION RESEARCH

Ethnographic Action Research (EAR) is a form of participatory action research. The ethnographic approach, combined with action research, aims to build upon notions of immersion, long-term engagement, and holistic understanding of local contexts. The course combines three approaches: participatory techniques, ethnography, and action learning. (1) Participatory techniques are used to help participants understand complex issues in an inclusive and participatory manner. (2) Ethnography has traditionally been used to understand different cultures in detail, rejecting preconceived ideas and categories in favor of locally emergent ones. (3) Action learning enables us to apply what we learn from research, then research those actions, and adjust and adapt accordingly.

A foundational concept of Ethnographic Action Research is ‘communicative ecologies.’ A communicative ecology comprises communicative assemblages and refers to the complex systems of communication, media, and information flows within a community or a network of individuals. Whenever we start to notice how we communicate around particular themes or how we accomplish specific tasks, we begin to appreciate which channels and flows are used and why, how this relates to other possible uses, and therefore, what and where the opportunities and barriers to a development initiative lie.

V. “IS THERE A TEXT IN THIS CLASS?” 

You will receive around 100 letters or so during the semester. What happens to you as readers of these letters, and what does their text make you feel and do, brings into the world something that hitherto did not exist. This can be qualified as virtual reality. 

Reading the letters in a particular way is the focal point of the course because it sets in motion a whole chain of activities that depend on both the text and on the exercise of your human faculties (senses, wits, reason, intelligence). In other words, the letter’s text represents a potential effect that is realized in the reading process. This happens whenever you, as a reader, assemble the meaning of the letter in a process of ‘re-creative dialectics.’ 

To get the participation going, there are necessary prerequisites. These prerequisites are outlined in the letters through a wide range of specific instructions. By the end of the course, you can see how you generate and occupy ideas, abstractions, and words; how you move about, and how you conduct yourself in perceptual space.

The Instructor uses the following seminal Texts as references in MGT 345:

References:

1. Manuel Castells, 2010, The Rise Of The Network Society, Vol 1-3, Wiley-Blackwell

2. Margaret Dikovitskaya, 2005, Visual Culture, M.I.T. Press

3. David Harvey, 1990, The Condition of Postmodernity, Blackwell

4. Nicholas Mirzoeff, 2016, How To See The World, Basic Books

5. Mike Chang and Nigel Thrift, Eds, 2000, Thinking Space, Routledge

6. Zygmunt Bauman, 2003, Liquid Love, Polity

7. Anthony Giddens, 1986, The Constitution of Society, California University Press

8. Antonio Negri, 2008, The Porcelain Workshop: For a New Grammar of Politics, Semiotext(e)

9. Bruno Latour, 2007, Reassembling the Social, Oxford

10. Muriel Combes, 2013, Gilbert Simondon and the Philosophy of the Transindividual, The MIT Press.

11. Wolfgang Iser, 2006, How to do theory, Blackwell Publishing, MA, USA; Oxford, UK; Victoria, Australia

12. Michel de Certeau, 1988, The Practice of Everyday Life, Univ. of California Press

VI. PRACTICE AND PROCESS

When undertaking any developmental initiative, it is, ultimately, our sustained practices and processes that determine success. To accomplish that, you’re expected to respond under the following Topic heads regularly:

1. Short Notes: Taking and Making Notes from Google Searches, Wikipedia, and AI. 

2. Vocabulary: Defining Concepts and Thought-images from Dictionaries

3. Deep Learning: Peeling layers of Meaning and Deconstructing words 

4. Assignments: Interwoven in the above three activities

The method that is practiced in MGT345 begins with the simple act of paying attention to a word with care and respect. Word practices are found in many traditions worldwide. It is having awareness that arises by non-judgmentally paying attention, on purpose, to the present moment. Such awareness is a combination of receptivity, like listening, alertness, and attentive presence. That is, letting everything else take a backseat or letting it go entirely.

The course requires a different way of thinking —a thinking that ‘knowing’ reminds you, awakens you, brings you to yourself, and transforms you. Besides claiming to transform the way you think about doing business in society, the course promises to change how you feel about yourself within a context. There is no traced-out path that will lead you; you must constantly invent your path. But to invent it, you have to be free, responsible, and without excuse, for every hope lies within you. In the end, we have no other interest than this: to reconnect with normal lived experience. 

In MGT 345, you are developing skills to convince viewers, readers, and your audience of the advantages of your semantic and action-orienting powers. 

Your success, under the circumstances, has the following two characteristics: 

First, multiple channels of communication that helped you frame issues; 

second, credibility that is enhanced by your sustained practices and processes. 

VII, LEARNING GOALS

You will be immersed in the society and culture of a small, tightly knit community, which we refer to as the Fishbowl.

Here you are learning and understanding by living ‘a life of practice.’

You are developing word structures, word images, and felt experiences that are significant to anyone seeking to contextualize, navigate, and transform increasingly complex cultures, societies, and networks. Your life of practice in the fishbowl illuminates how to nurture creative practices from the initial spark to the finished outcome. From your in-depth accounts in the fishbowl, you will discover methods for yourselves that will help you achieve the following learning goals:

* Frame critical questions through an iterative process

* Apply hands-on, embodied learning from text and images

* Enhance seeing through closer looking

* Meet uncertainty with flexibility

* Evaluate and articulate the significance of your work

VIII. GRADE DISTRIBUTION: ASSESSMENT AND EVALUATION OF ‘A LIFE OF PRACTICE’

1. A Society of Transnational Organizations: 40%

Empirical research (Bartlett and Ghoshal) identifies four characteristics of successful transnational organizations, viz., 

Integrated Networking Structures, 

Complex Adaptive Systems, 

Dynamic Decision-Making, and 

Unique Innovative Capabilities. 

Each characteristic is developed and experienced by participants in 10 interactive and iterative steps.

2. Deconstructing Letters and Deep Learning: 30%

You are developing slower and more essential cognitive processes, such as critical thinking, reflection, and empathy, all of which are integral to deep reading. 

When do you read and post? What do you read and post? Why do you read and post? What you read and post changes how you think. The quality and quantity of your reading and posting are not only an index of the quality of your thought, but it is the best-known path to developing whole new paths.

Through analogies, drawing inferences, and forming independent judgments, you will be deconstructing texts and generating subjective experiences.

3. Final Reflection: Visual Reality and Network Society: 20%

The act of taking on the perspective and feelings of another is a form of communication that occurs in solitude and depicts an intimate emotional dimension within the fishbowl experience. Your Final is a reflection on your visual reality and network society, completed by “looking at yourself looking at yourself.” Three pages, double-spaced.

4. Individuation: 10% 

At the end of the day, after it is all said and done, your grade is determined by two things: level of engagement and creation of value. How often, how much, and to what end did you develop and individuate yourself? Individuation, or the way you distinguish yourself from others, is always in a relationship, and it is a process. Individuation enables awareness, action, and evaluation. 

EPILOGUE

Addendum 1: Underlying phenomena in MGT 345: Business & Society 

I. BUSINESS AND SOCIETY

Knowledge outcome 

provider and user value 

knowledge-worker 

ways of doing knowledge

range of experience 

range of caring 

learning process 

learning outcome 

level of engagement 

generating subjectivities 

interactive systems 

felt experiences 

relational practice 

dialogical exchange

aesthetic response

sharing process 

creating interactively

creative dialectic 

working towards commonality 

show-up, turn-on, and tune-in 

focused presence 

conversation and dialogue 

constant assessment 

discerning emerging storyline 

responsibility and result 

commitment to aesthetic response 

transparency and authenticity 

engagement and impact 

attitude and motivation 

vocabulary and thought-images 

resonance and calibration 

meaning and significance

II. SOCIAL TECHNOLOGIES

Computer-Mediated Communication 

Cyber Behavior 

E-Collaboration

End-User Computing

Human Aspects of Business 

Human Aspects of Technology 

Human Resources Development 

Human Computer Interaction 

Knowledge Society

Social Networking 

Ubiquitous and Pervasive Computing 

Virtual Communities and Virtual Reality

III. EDUCATIONAL TECHNOLOGIES

Adult Learning 

Applied E-Learning 

Cognitive Learning

Computer-Assisted Language Learning 

Distance Education 

Virtual Learning Environments 

Web-Based Teaching and Learning

IV. INTELLIGENT TECHNOLOGIES

Complex Adaptive Systems 

Cognitive Informatics 

Collective Intelligence 

Computational Intelligence 

Computational Linguistics 

Computer Image and Vision Processing Cybernetics

Addendum 2: Five Objectives stated by the University of Rhode Island

1. Acquiring skills in working with others as a member of a team.

2. Developing creative capacities (writing, inventing, designing, performing).

3. Developing skills in expressing oneself in writing.

4. Learning how to evaluate ideas, arguments, and points of view critically. 

5. Acquiring an interest in learning more by asking questions and seeking answers.

Success requires that you keep pace with the work, understand course concepts, and study effectively.

The Academic Enhancement Center (www.uri.edu/aec) is an excellent resource for this purpose. At the AEC, you can work alone or in groups, and tutors and professional learning specialists are available to help you learn, manage your time and work, and study. The URI Writing Center, located in Roosevelt Hall 009 (lower level, Memorial Union end), offers one-on-one and small group peer tutoring for student writers in all majors who need help developing ideas or would benefit from advice on any aspect of writing. The Center serves all student writers, not just “beginners.” Writers are encouraged to bring a draft, notes, syllabus, or any relevant information to help facilitate the session. Appointments are 45 minutes in length and can be scheduled online at uri.mywconline.com. It's best to make appointments in advance, especially during midterms and finals, but we often have same-day and drop-in appointments available throughout the day so writers can stop by to see what's open. For more information, visit uri.edu/aec/writing.

They’re open Monday through Thursday from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. and Fridays until 1 p.m. All services are free (the coffee is free as well!), and no appointment is needed. You can call them for complete information at 874-2367, or just stop by the center on the fourth floor of Roosevelt Hall.

Addendum 3: Please read the University rules.

Thank You

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 5/10/2025 15:48:45
Subject: white smoke' comes your way
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well, and your hard work paid off during exams. I apologize for suddenly leaving. 

Since my last letter, I have been in a silent retreat, facing myself in the mirror and observing your participation in a digital environment. I have returned from the proverbial mountain top and have much to share. I am grateful for your patience and forbearance.

Your fishbowl has been most successful. Congratulations! Your postings have been acknowledged for their depth and breadth of global issues and societal structures. Forty percent got straight A's, and 14 percent were A-minuses. Your participation and contribution made the fishbowl a learning environment. Thank You! I have just posted the grades, and you should be able to access them by Monday, if not sooner.

The final assignment was an exercise in ‘performative writing.’ Performative writing is a method of 'writing as doing,' where the act of writing itself, rather than just the content, becomes a significant part of the meaning and inquiry process. It's a way of researching and expressing ideas through writing, emphasizing the sensory and experiential aspects of the writing process. 

You lived the abstraction of successful global businesses. You experienced a liquid, networked society and made it a success. 

Our meeting was destined to be short-lived, and while we might forget names and faces, it is the spirit we must sustain.

Wishing you every success and that you flourish and create many fishbowls.

Sanjiv

PERFORMATIVE, FORBEARANCE, FLOURISH

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 5/1/2025 14:10:14
Subject: best wishes
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Best wishes and good luck come your way. To complete a semester is to complete a journey, and society recognizes you rightfully.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/30/2025 1:44:11
Subject: implementing Bauman-Latour's mindset
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

We are at the end of the semester, and Apr.30 is the last day of classes. You may continue with your postings until the final assignment, which is due on May 1st at 6.30 pm. After that, the fishbowl will be closed for evaluation.

Please complete your student evaluation by April 30 if you haven’t already. It will be helpful to me if you leave comments regarding your experience in the fishbowl. Thank you.

I wish to leave you with some suggested implementation strategies for those who have a Bauman-Latour mindset, which you experienced in the fishbowl.

Best Mindset for a Liquid, Networked World

* Flexibility over rigidity

Always be ready to pivot. Treat plans like drafts, not monuments.

* Relationship over isolation

Success flows through connections with people, technologies, and ecosystems.

* Co-creation over top-down control

Customers, workers, and partners expect to shape outcomes with you, not just receive instructions.

* Systems thinking over linear thinking

Every action ripples outward. Manage the whole web, not just your corner.

* Tech partnership over tech mastery

Don’t just "use" tech — collaborate with it. Let it shape your strategy.

* Adaptation over perfection

In a constantly changing world, it's better to be fast and adaptive than slow and "perfect.”

 

*Fragility awareness over stability assumptions

Always ask: “What fragile system am I depending on?” Prepare backup plans early.

* Lifelong learning over set expertise

Expertise ages fast. Stay a student — curious, experimental, humble.

Mantra for the Modern World:

"Navigate the tides. Tend the web. Stay in motion."

Let's bring this mindset down to daily action: Here’s how a business (big or small) could live Bauman + Latour's mindset every single day:

Daily Action Plan for a Liquid, Networked Business

1. Morning Quick-Check Meeting (15 minutes)

Purpose: Sense the environment, not just manage tasks.

Questions to ask:

What changed yesterday (markets, tech, customer behavior)?

Are there new connections we need to build or repair?

What systems seem fragile today?

What's emerging that we can adapt to early?

Mindset: Always scanning for change, not assuming stability.

2. Weekly Ecosystem Map Update

Purpose: Visualize your business network, not just your internal team.

Tasks:

Map your key partners, suppliers, customers, technologies.

Note the strength of each relationship: strong, weak, vulnerable.

Ask: “Where are we too dependent?” “Where are new opportunities appearing?”

Mindset: You are only as strong as your network health.

3. Tech Watch Ritual (1 hour/week)

Purpose: Stay partnered with tech, not blindsided by it.

Tasks:

Assign someone (even part-time) to track emerging tech that could disrupt or empower your business.

Tiny reports: one-page summaries, fast discussions.

Actively ask: "Could this be a co-creator, not just a tool?"

Mindset: Tech is part of your team, not your toolbox.

4. Customer Co-Creation Checkpoints

Purpose: Involve your customers in shaping offerings — don't just sell to them.

Tasks:

Run small surveys, beta tests, and feedback loops constantly.

Invite customers into early-stage idea formation (“Would you want this?”).

Mindset: Customers aren't passive — they co-create your future.

5. Monthly Fragility Audit

Purpose: Prepare for shocks before they hit.

Tasks:

List all critical dependencies (single suppliers, platforms, power-users).

Ask: “If this fails, what's our Plan B?”

Build tiny "resilience projects" (ex: backup suppliers, tech redundancies).

Mindset: Always assume systems can fail, and be ready.

6. Quarterly Strategy Reframe

Purpose: Refresh your big-picture direction intentionally.

Tasks:

Revisit assumptions about markets, tech, and culture.

Reset goals based on current reality, not old forecasts.

Embrace strategic improvisation: stay bold, but loose.

Mindset: A good plan today beats a perfect plan tomorrow.

Bottom Line: Businesses that thrive now act like agile sailors navigating shifting waters, not like builders of castles waiting for the perfect day.

A few concrete tools or apps fit this agile, networked leadership style. (Things like mapping tools, trend trackers, or fragility auditors) 

If you use the right lightweight tools, small teams can outperform big ones in a liquid, networked world.

Best Tools for Small Teams Navigating Bauman + Latour’s World

1. For Daily Change Scanning and Quick Meetings

Tool: Slack + a 15-min "change channel"

Set up a #shifts-and-changes channel.

Team members post short notes about anything shifting: markets, tech, customers.

Keep it informal — the goal is constant low-pressure awareness.

* Why Slack?

Fast, casual, and builds a daily habit of scanning without heavy meetings.

2. For Ecosystem Mapping

Tool: Miro (or Whimsical for simpler diagrams)

Create living maps of your business networks: customers, suppliers, partners, tech tools.

Use color codes: strong ties, weak ties, risky dependencies.

* Why Miro?

Visualizes complexity simply — helps you see your network health at a glance.

3. For Weekly Tech Watch

Tool: Feedly (plus a shared Google Doc)

Set up topic feeds: “emerging tech,” “market trends,” “future of work,” etc.

Each week, one person shares 2–3 key finds in a shared doc.

* Why Feedly?

Super easy way to track fast-moving fields without drowning in news.

4. For Customer Co-Creation

Tool: Typeform (or Google Forms for free)

Quick, beautiful surveys to test ideas, get feedback, or invite customers into product discussions.

Make it part of customer rhythm: “We build with you, not for you.”

* Why Typeform?

Friendly, mobile-ready surveys feel less corporate, more conversational.

5. For Monthly Fragility Audits

Tool: Notion (or Trello if you prefer kanban style)

Set up a simple board:

Columns = [Critical Systems] ➔ [Current Health] ➔ [Risks] ➔ [Backup Plans].

Update it monthly, and assign owners for each risk.

* Why Notion?

Highly customizable and lightweight — fits a small team's style without feeling bloated.

6. For Quarterly Strategy Refresh

Tool: FigJam (part of Figma)

Host a 1-hour casual online workshop.

Put your current goals in bubbles.

Ask “Does this still fit today’s world?” and adjust your life.

* Why FigJam?

Super interactive — perfect for thinking visually without heavy “PowerPoint fatigue.”

Key Rule for Small Teams: Use tools that make you lighter, faster, and more connected — never tools that weigh you down.

Best wishes for completing the semester.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/24/2025 15:46:52
Subject: from imitation to transformation
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

In every case, copying involves repetition. But in this act of repetition, something else happens. Difference manifests itself in repetition and marks a transformation that occurs within repetition. Please see Adam Mizia’s reflection below.

Marcus Boon's In Praise of Copying, 2010 (please Google) challenges the conventional dichotomy between "original" and "copy," proposing that copying is not merely derivative but a fundamental aspect of human existence and creativity. Boon argues that copying is intrinsic to learning, cultural development, and even the universe's functioning at a molecular level. He suggests that the distinction between original and copy is rooted in Western metaphysics, particularly Platonic ideals, and reinforced by modern intellectual property laws.​

Gabriel Tarde's theory of imitation (please Google) posits that individuals learn and adapt behaviors through observing and copying others, especially those with higher status or closer proximity. He also believed this imitation is a universal phenomenon, not just in social behavior, but in all areas of life, including physical processes. Tarde's theory suggests that imitation drives social change, cultural evolution, and even crime, as individuals adapt and modify imitated behaviors. 

Sanjiv

REPEAT, COPY, TRANSFORM, ORIGINAL

from the fishbowl...

adammizia

Posts: 96

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2025 10:02 am

Re: Felt Experiences

post by adammizia » Thu Apr 24, 2025 9:05 am

Felt Experience: Learning Patience Through Vocabulary and Google Searches for the Fishbowl

In the beginning, I treated vocabulary work and Google searches like tasks on a checklist—just something to get through before getting to what I thought was the "real work." But as I spent more time with each word, I realized that slowing down actually changed the way I learned. One word would spark curiosity about another, and soon I was doing more than just looking up definitions—I was exploring deeper meaning. Tracing words to their origins or seeing how different people use them started to feel rewarding in its own quiet way. I came to understand that learning isn’t always fast, and that the process itself teaches you something. In this case, patience didn’t just improve how I researched; it made me feel more connected to the ideas we were exploring in class, even if I wasn’t always speaking up in the fishbowl.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/24/2025 12:10:41
Subject: netsmart literacies
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

We are coming to the end, and I hope you are keeping well. I never told you, but I think you are terrific and have done an excellent job participating in a digital fishbowl. You brought your different ways to the table. 

You have used five digital literacies (please Google Net Smart by Howard Rheingold) that are changing how we do business online and the new know-how required to be successful. The five literacies are attention, participation, collaboration, the critical consumption of information (aka crap detection), and network smarts.

You have handled new flows of knowledge, media, and attention in a healthy, flexible, grounded manner. The free flows of information that digital technologies have made possible are enriching if appropriately used. Your fishbowl bears testimony to that. Congratulations are in order, and thank you.

With our enhanced abilities to create and consume digital media, you have shown how to exert mental control and be mindful of things that are not visible. You have demonstrated to your viewers how to live mindfully in cyberculture. Please see Kiara Madrid’s reflection below.

Sanjiv

LITERACY

from the fishbowl....

kiaramadrid

Posts: 113

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2025 11:06 am

Contact: Contact kiaramadrid

Re: Felt Experiences

post by kiaramadrid » Wed Apr 23, 2025 8:08 pm

As I think back on this experience, I realize it’s hard to put into words everything I felt. There were times when I felt both involved in the conversation and removed from it, watching myself react and sometimes feeling uncomfortable. What stood out wasn’t just what was said, but how it was framed—the way the conversation shaped how we connected or disagreed. Some things were clear, while others were hidden, affecting how we learned from each other.

As we tried to understand everything, I saw that our views depended on who was speaking and their perspective. I started wondering if we were uncovering something real or just making up our own ideas. Still, the process allowed space for new possibilities. Imagination didn’t come all at once, but slowly, challenging what I thought was true. Maybe that’s the main takeaway: meaning is always changing, and understanding, like identity, is something we’re always figuring out.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/23/2025 21:41:16
Subject: The final assignment to be posted on May 1st at 6.30 pm
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

The final assignment will be posted on May 1st from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m.

You have plenty of time to complete the assignment below, starting now, but it is to be posted only on May 1st between 6.30 and 8.30 pm. 

In the meantime, letters in the fishbowl will continue with vocabulary and Google searches until April 30th, the last day of classes.

Final Assignment

Empirical Research suggests that successful online businesses, global and transnational, exhibit the following common characteristics:

1. An Integrated networking structure

2. Dynamic decision-making

3. Adaptive coordination mechanism

4. Unique innovation capabilities

Please deconstruct each of the above characteristics. You are creating an understanding of each characteristic. You are constructing knowledge content and a knowing based upon your felt experiences. Please keep it simple. I am examining your thought process and constructions of dichotomies, structures, experiences, and dimensions.

Template

Step 1. Write the characteristic under investigation, for example: Integrated networking structure

Step 2. Create a word pool by taking each word from the dictionary and the thesaurus—fifteen words or so.

Step 3. Create a dichotomy from the word pool by selecting two disparate elements, two uncorrelated words.

Step 4. Expand the dichotomy words and create a word pool from the dictionary and the thesaurus to construct a meaningful sentence—a universal, generalized, pithy axiom. 

Step 5. Step back and see where you've progressed from step 1. Don’t be afraid to create new meaning. You are on a trajectory of creativity.

Step 6. Do a felt experience that ‘fits' the sentence you created in step 4. The sentence is the form, and the felt experience is the content. Whole and the Particular.

The felt experience is a description of an incident from your life, or an interpretation of a scene from the movies, or a felt experience in the fishbowl.

Step 7. Conclude on a dimension. Select two words from the above, and create a dimension.

Good luck! I think you will be terrific, and I look forward to seeing the outcome on May 1st at 6:30 p.m. Until then, back to the letters in the fishbowl.

Sanjiv

FORM, CONTENT, WHOLE, PARTICULAR, UNIVERSAL, TRAJECTORY, CREATIVITY, DICHOTOMY, DIMENSION

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/13/2025 14:22:01
Subject: so, where do we go from here?
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

At this point in the semester, as we ‘make' our last inflection (a metaphor, an image, has a meaning, and is a symbol), the overriding question is: what do our postings amount to? What have we learned, and what does this do with business? How do I ‘make’ money from this information, knowledge, and experience?

Thus far, several things have been a collective experience in the fishbowl...

a new vocabulary, easy access to information, interconnected and interrelated

relational, collective, transparent, perspectival, and insightful

text, thought and moving images, meditative and reflective

sorting, sifting, selecting, and substituting words

forming mental structures, sentence constructions

structures of feelings and experiences

building upon dichotomies and dimensions

After each of the words above, one could add in parenthesis: (words).

Words are concepts and categories, images and symbols; we create more words whenever we reconfigure them anew, without limits.

Words get us in trouble and can get us out of trouble.

Words provide solutions, and they also create problems.

In digital space, it is indeed about words, and as Rilke put it in his famous poem Archaic Torso of Apollo (please Google), we must change our lives, for there is no place to hide!

What does Rilke mean by this call for arms? 

If your postings in digital space seem poor and meaningless, do not blame them; blame yourself. Tell yourself that you are not a poet enough to call forth its riches, for to the creator of words, there is no poverty and no poor, indifferent place. Rilke refers to creating dichotomies, dimensions, and sentences that are out of our imaginations. 

Your postings are not just aesthetic but also a catalyst for personal transformation. They are fragments that evoke feelings and reflections and change perceptions.

You are reflexive leaders, creators of knowledge content, and influencers. You are rightfully congratulated for your efforts and your success.

1. You’ve acted as self-aware leaders, shaping ideas and guiding conversations within the transparent world of digital media.

2. As reflective pioneers, you’ve generated knowledge and shaped influence while constantly appearing in the digital spotlight.

So, where do we go from here? Learn how to and what skills, where from, why, and when to make money. I will address this in the following letters and have a final assignment on skills for the close of the semester. It will all be about the process. Follow the steps, and you should be fine.

As expected at this time, the majority of you are in the B+ and A- range. It is a good idea to push yourself now and get a higher grade.

I will be in your appointed class on Monday and Wednesday. If you aren’t sure about something, showing up will be a good idea. There is no attendance, and you can show up in any of the classrooms and times listed below.

Sanjiv

MGT 345-0001

(3237)

Business in Society 

MoWe 10:00AM - 10:50AM

Bliss Hall room 110

MGT 345-0002

(3645)

Business in Society

MoWe 11:00AM - 11:50AM

Ballentine Hall 101

MGT 345-0003

(4470)

Business in Society

MoWe 2:00PM - 2:50PM

Quinn Hall room 104

MGT 448-0001

(2012)

International Dimen-Bus

MoWe 1:00PM - 1:50PM

Ballentine Hall 112

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/10/2025 12:50:54
Subject: make formulation possible
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

We have been exploring topics together and separately in a social network we call the fishbowl. What we offer to the outside viewer is an emerging digital space with its own culture, ups and downs, twists and turns. At the end of the semester, we are raising the multidimensional question of what it means to participate in online culture and its capacity to create a public sphere.

We are participating through text postings regarding vocabulary, google searches, felt experiences, and assignments. Essentially, for our purposes, we define our digital culture as comprising modes of communication and information exchange that displace, redefine, and reshape knowledge into new forms, formats, and methods for acquiring and transmitting such knowledge.

We are making possible, for ourselves and others, the formulation of information and its subsequent transformation into knowledge in a manner in which it produces the categories and concepts for ordering, organizing, and transmitting our understanding.

“So once again, before we get too carried away, she asked, what exactly are we doing?” 

We spend our time thinking about words and concepts, their meanings, and the ways they shape some of our perceptions and inform our ideas about ourselves and the world around us. Please see Isabella Ventura's postings below.

Sanjiv

MODE, FORMULATION, MAKE, POSSIBLE

from the fishbowl...

isabellaventura

Posts: 82

Joined: Fri Jan 24, 2025 11:54 am

Re: Vocabulary: Isabella Ventura

post by isabellaventura » Wed Apr 09, 2025 2:25 pm

reflections and other matters during vexatious times

Develop:To gradually grow or improve something over time through effort, learning, or experience, often turning a simple idea into something more complex or useful.

Culture:The shared beliefs, behaviors, traditions, languages, and values of a group of people that shape how they see the world and live together.

Content:The ideas, information, or creative material included in something like a book, website, video, or lesson that gives it meaning and purpose.

Artifact:A physical object made or used by people in the past that helps us understand their culture, daily life, or history.

Remix:To take existing content—like music, words, or images—and change or combine it in creative ways to make something new and original.

Reimagine:To look at something familiar in a completely new way, often by changing its meaning, form, or purpose with creativity and insight.

Create:To bring something new into existence by using imagination, skill, or effort, whether it’s a physical object, idea, or work of art.

Image:A visual or mental picture that represents a person, idea, object, or feeling, often used to communicate or express something deeper.

Inspire:To spark motivation, creativity, or a strong feeling in someone that encourages them to act, make, or think in a new or meaningful way.

Tradition:A practice, belief, or custom passed down from one generation to the next that helps maintain cultural identity and connection.

Produce:To make or bring something into existence, often through planning and effort, like creating a product, work of art, or result.

Aesthetic:Related to beauty, style, or the way something looks or feels, especially in art or design; often tied to personal or cultural tastes.

LLM (Large Language Model):An advanced type of artificial intelligence trained on large collections of text to understand, process, and generate language in a way that mimics human conversation and writing.

Manifestation:The visible or tangible result of something that was previously just an idea, feeling, or possibility; the act of making something real.

Fragment:A small, incomplete piece that has broken off from a whole, often used to describe a bit of text, memory, or object.

Corpus:A large and organized collection of texts or language samples used for research, especially in linguistics or AI training.

Reshape:To change the form, structure, or purpose of something in a way that makes it new or better suited for a different use or meaning.

Ethnography:A detailed, close-up study of people and their culture through observation, participation, and description, often used in anthropology and social research.

Skill:The ability to do something well, usually developed through practice, learning, and experience over time.

Possibility:Something that could happen, exist, or be true—even if it hasn’t yet; a chance for something new or unexpected.

Identify:To recognize or name someone or something based on certain qualities or characteristics that make it unique or known.

Variation:A difference or change in form, appearance, or meaning that occurs within a group of things that are otherwise similar.

Collaborate:To work together with others to reach a shared goal, often by combining strengths, ideas, and efforts.

Engage:To actively take part in something, showing interest, focus, and effort; also means to connect meaningfully with people or ideas.

Experience:The knowledge, feelings, or skills gained by being involved in or going through something personally.

Uncover:To find or reveal something that was hidden, unknown, or overlooked—often leading to new understanding or awareness.

Deep:Extending far beneath the surface, either physically or emotionally; often used to describe intense, thoughtful, or layered ideas.

Pattern:A repeated design, structure, or behavior that helps us see order, rhythm, or relationships in things.

Serve:To provide help, support, or a specific function for others; to fulfill a purpose or role within a larger system.

Collaborator:A person who works closely with others on a shared goal or project, often contributing ideas, time, or creativity.

Partner:Someone you work or team up with in a project, relationship, or business, sharing responsibility and commitment.

Draft:The first or rough version of something, like writing or a design, that will be revised and improved later.

Refine:To make something better or clearer by polishing details, improving structure, or removing unnecessary parts.

Insight:A deep or accurate understanding of a situation, person, or idea that helps reveal something important or meaningful.

Observe:To watch or notice carefully, often with the goal of learning, understanding, or recording what’s happening.

Interpret:To explain or find meaning in something, especially when it isn’t immediately clear, like a message, image, or event.

Framework:A structured way of thinking about or organizing something that helps explain how it works or fits together.

Lens:A way of viewing or thinking about something that shapes how we interpret or understand it, like a perspective or filter.

Frame:To shape or structure something—like a question, argument, or situation—in a specific way to focus attention or meaning.

Protagonist:The main character in a story or situation, often the one who drives the action or experiences the most change.

Structure:The organized way parts of something are arranged or built, giving it form, strength, and clarity.

Dimension:A distinct aspect, level, or feature of something that helps describe or understand it more completely.

Dichotomy:A clear division between two opposite ideas or groups that are often thought to be very different or in conflict with each other.

Read:To look at written or printed words and understand their meaning; also used to describe analyzing or interpreting something thoughtfully.

isabellaventura

Posts: 82

Joined: Fri Jan 24, 2025 11:54 am

Re: Vocabulary: Isabella Ventura

post by isabellaventura » Wed Apr 09, 2025 2:29 pm

cultural interaction: finishing the assignment (3)

Apposite:Highly relevant, fitting, or appropriate in a specific situation—especially when something matches the tone, topic, or context exactly.

System:An organized set of parts or processes that work together as a whole, often following rules or patterns to achieve a function or purpose.

Classification:The process of sorting or organizing things into categories based on shared characteristics or rules to better understand or manage them.

Embedded:Firmly placed or deeply integrated within something else, whether physically (like an object) or conceptually (like an idea within a system).

Symbolic:Representing something beyond its literal meaning, often using images, words, or actions to express ideas, emotions, or abstract concepts.

Template:A guide, model, or pre-designed format used as a starting point to shape or structure something new while maintaining consistency.

Uncover:To reveal or discover something that was hidden, unknown, or not obvious, often leading to new understanding or insight.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/9/2025 0:28:30
Subject: cultural interaction: finishing the assignment (3)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

By now, you have seen the films once, read and written about Hofstede’s dimensions, and even interpreted the movies through Hofstede’s lens.

Stay with me.

Think of a dimension as two words, one at the end of a straight line.

We are free to create our dimensions and to slide along them. Please Google how Hofstede came up with his dimensions.

Please see Andrew Montan and Rebecca Jenkins's postings below.

 

Create a dimension.

Identify Clear, Opposing Concepts:

Begin by defining the two extreme poles of your dimension. For example, in the dimension of individualism versus collectivism, you might define:

Individualism: A focus on individual rights, autonomy, personal goals, and independence.

Collectivism: Emphasis on group goals, interdependence, community, and shared values.

Start with oppositions, such as singular/multiple, dependent/independent, introverted/extrovert, depth/breadth, etc.

You are selecting an ‘apposite' for each word. You are creating apposites. 

You are looking at the relation between two words in your perception and applying them in three different cultural contexts: American, Indian, and Chinese.

We’re big on relationality, a nuance of the word relationship. Please Google Relationalism.

The appropriate opposite (apposite) is the foundation of good structure. 

We are structuralists. Please google Ferdinand de Saussure. 

A structuralist analyzes cultural phenomena and social practices by uncovering the structures that govern them. They believe that these structures shape meaning, behavior, and cultural products.

However, to understand other cultures by uncovering their structures, we must first be able to see our structures—not in the abstract and knowledge sense (we believe in democracy) but in our lived experiences, interactions, choices, and decisions, which we take for granted every day.

"So how do we do that," she asked, “see oneself!"

To ‘see’ one’s structures is to be self-aware within an environment, like in the fishbowl. Please see Rebecca Jenkins and Andrew Montan.

To be self-aware, we must distance ourselves from a situation and raise appropriate questions. AI already has the answers; it is the raising of relevant questions that concern us. 

We are looking for the right questions in a culturally constructed world where others' behavior and understanding of the world come from their embeddedness in a cultural system.

The task before us, according to Pierre Bourdieu (please Google), is "to uncover the most profoundly buried structures of the various social worlds which constitute the social universe, as well as the mechanisms which tend to ensure their reproduction or their transformation.” This universe is peculiar according to Bourdieu in that its structures lead, as it were, a “double life.” They exist twice: in the “objectivity of the first order” constituted by what you see, read and hear, and in the “objectivity of the second order,” in the form of 'systems of classification,' the mental schemata that function as 'symbolic templates,’ like our use of Hofstede’s six dimensions.

Here’s a key line from each film that illustrates one of Hofstede’s cultural dimensions:

1. Power Distance (PDI)

Film: Iron and Silk

Objectivity of the first order: "In China, when the teacher tells you to do something, you do it.”

The objectivity of the second order reflects China’s high power distance, where authority is respected and obedience is expected.

2. Individualism vs. Collectivism (IDV)

Film: Outsourced

First order: "You need to learn about India. Try to understand how we work together.”

Second order: highlights India’s collectivist culture, where collaboration and social harmony matter more than individual ambition.

3. Masculinity vs. Femininity (MAS)

Film: Moonrise Kingdom

First order: "I love you, but you don’t know what you’re talking about." (Suzy to Sam)

Second order: The film leans toward a feminine culture, valuing relationships and emotions over ambition or aggression.

4. Uncertainty Avoidance (UAI)

Film: Outsourced

First order: "Everything is different here, and that's the point." (Todd)

Second order: This shows Todd’s American low uncertainty avoidance, where adaptation and flexibility are embraced rather than fearing the unknown.

5. Long-Term vs. Short-Term Orientation (LTO)

Film: Iron and Silk

First order: "Patience. You cannot master this in one day." (Martial arts teacher)

Second order: China’s long-term orientation values perseverance and gradual mastery over immediate results.

6. Indulgence vs. Restraint (IVR)

Film: Moonrise Kingdom

First order: "We're in love. We just want to be together. What's wrong with that?" (Sam)

Second order: This reflects a high-indulgence culture, where personal happiness and emotional freedom are prioritized over social norms.

Finally, to complete your assignment for the three movies, consider any three Hofstede dimensions and use them as a template for each movie. It is recommended you create your dimensions as described above. 

Next, select a sentence from each movie as your "objectivity of the first order," and then interpret that sentence in terms of the dimension (the second order) you have chosen.

Your layout will look like the above presentation.

In all, you will have generated three pairs of knowing across three cultural contexts and three dimensions.

It’s a game of design. Sorting, sifting, selecting, and substituting words.

Sanjiv

APPOSITE, SYSTEM, CLASSIFICATION, EMBEDDED, SYMBOLIC, TEMPLATE, UNCOVER

from the fishbowl... 

Andrewmontan

Posts: 152

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2025 1:01 pm

Re: PART 2: DOING THE THREE MOVIE ASSIGNMENT

post by Andrewmontan » Tue Apr 08, 2025 6:31 pm

My Role in the Fishbowl:

As a digital participant in this fishbowl, I observe the films Moonrise Kingdom (USA), Outsourced (India), and Iron & Silk (China) to absorb different values and storytelling structures, then reimagine them through my own cultural lens. I follow Charlie and Lola's path in Kinky Boots as I navigate unknown ground while redefining meaning, reshaping context, and expressing my findings through words.

Ethnographic Approach:

Through ethnographic skills, I detect variations between cultural values and norms and traditions. I think about how my background affects my perception of Suzy and Sam's rebellion in Moonrise Kingdom, Todd's cultural adjustment in Outsourced, and Mark's disciplined transformation in Iron & Silk. I create new content by analyzing their actions, gazes, and language through both symbolic and cultural frames.

Cultural Framing:

I examine the three films through American individualism and emotional expression and Indian community and adaptation and Chinese discipline and tradition lenses for comparative reflection. I notice that the three main characters transform personally after stepping into new environments to transform their worldview which parallels my experience as a digital fieldworker exploring new theoretical landscapes.

Creative Output:

Each scene, character arc, or cultural clash becomes a fragment I rework. The analysis helps me to remix meaning, reimagine motivations and achieve a deeper aesthetic understanding. Through each film, I gain insight and contribute cultural artifacts that inform a richer, more diverse digital storytelling space.

Conclusion:

I work with content, engage with culture, and function as a co-creator of meaning in this reflective process. The analysis of Goffman's frame analysis and cultural dimensions helps me understand how identity, tradition, and transformation appear across different worlds while showing how they reshape me.

rebeccajenkins

Posts: 51

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2025 11:02 am

Re: Felt experiences Rebecca Jenkins

post by rebeccajenkins » Tue Apr 08, 2025 4:09 pm

Assignment: Kinky Boots

Ethnographer:

I can personally relate to the idea of ethnography through my experiences in this class and with the fishbowl. In the fishbowl, we don’t simply observe what people are posting about the topics from the outside, instead, we immerse ourselves in this community by generating our own knowledge and understanding, which we can compare and expand by observing the posts of others in this community. In the fishbowl, we are all looking at each other through this figurative glass and our understanding of knowledge is deepened by being fully engrossed in this community instead of just researching and observing as an outsider. We are all ethnographers in the fishbowl community.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/6/2025 13:58:19
Subject: reflections and other matters during vexatious times
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. We are progressing in stages and understanding what we are doing. You are presently watching three movies already sent to you.

Specific steps to do the assignment are easy to follow, but as we arrive at them, it is good to understand your ‘role' in the fishbowl and to reflect upon it...

ROLE 

Your postings generate cultural content and influence everything in a digital fishbowl. You are developing, remixing, and reimagining cultural artifacts from the very first day when you introduced the meaning of your name. Whenever you are in doubt, and you’re jumping into the unknown, stay close to the text; immerse yourself in words. Generate words and contemplate their meanings. This is what three quintessential American men are doing in the three movies you watch.

“Indeed, Charlie Price and Lola did the same in Kinky Boots,” she reminded me.

DEVELOP, CULTURE, CONTENT, ARTIFACT, REMIX, REIMAGINE

Your postings in the fishbowl have created images inspired by different traditions, producing new aesthetics.

CREATE, IMAGE, INSPIRE, TRADITION, PRODUCE, AESTHETIC

Your postings are manifestations of large language models (LLMs) that generate writing fragments, draw from a vast textual corpus, and reshape storytelling.

LLM (please Google), MANIFESTATION, FRAGMENT, CORPUS, RESHAPE

For someone applying ethnographic skills to generate text, you open up several possibilities:

ETHNOGRAPHY, SKILL, POSSIBILITY

as a digital fieldworker in a fishbowl, you are analyzing vast amounts of cultural data (google searches, AI, film, etc) to identify variations;

IDENTIFY, VARIATION

as a Participatory Researcher, you are collaborative, engaging in co-creative content that reflects your lived experiences.

COLLABORATE, ENGAGE, CREATE, EXPERIENCE

Your postings in the fishbowl help uncover deep patterns in cultural content via., AI while also serving as a creative collaborator.

UNCOVER, DEEP, PATTERN, SERVE, COLLABORATOR

You serve as a creative partner, producing prompts or first drafts for writing that you will subsequently refine with human insight. Thus, you will finish the three movie assignments.

PARTNER, DRAFT, REFINE, INSIGHT

The Three-Movie Assignment: 

You are to incorporate existing cultural content from the movies and generate new content,

You have to watch the movies. It's good practice to read the subtitles. Also, watch facial expressions, gaze, and gestures.

You observe and interpret storytelling structures, values, and themes across cultures, viz., American, Indian, and Chinese.

Doing the assignment is straightforward. You observe and interpret three cultures, each from your cultural framework.

OBSERVE, INTERPRET, FRAMEWORK 

That is, when interpreting the three movies, you are to reveal and reflect upon your cultural lens, i.e., your framing.

LENS, FRAME

Erving Goffman's "Frame Analysis” (please Google) explores how individuals (like the three protagonists in the movies) interpret and organize their experiences within socially constructed "frames" that shape meaning and guide interactions. 

PROTAGONIST, FRAME, STRUCTURE

So, how do you do all of the above without stressing? 

Please stay tuned. I will send specific steps that shouldn’t be difficult to follow. In the meantime, finish watching the movies. You can’t proceed before doing that! The images, expressions, gestures, mental spaces, objects, and spaces are all part of the cultures you are watching, and you are experiencing them through Hofstede's dimensions as manifest in the fishbowl. Please see Klara Nelander’s posting below.

DIMENSION, DICHOTOMY

Read, read, and re-read postings in the fishbowl.

READ

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

Klaranelander

Posts: 106

Joined: Tue Jan 21, 2025 7:52 pm

Contact: Contact Klaranelander

Assignment 1. Interacting Cultures: Hofstede's Dimensions

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by Klaranelander » Sat Apr 05, 2025 10:43 am

I really enjoyed watching the three movies and especially when keeping cultural differences and Hofstede’s dimensions in mind. There are clear differences between cultures, and since I’m originally from Sweden it was interesting to contrast my cultural values to American culture as well.

While watching the movies it made me realize how important culture is to the way we think, interact, and interpret the world. All of our values are based on our beliefs and what we perceive to be the right thing to do. Hofstede’s Cultural Dimensions helped provide a structured way to organize my observations and truly understand how different societies prioritize different things. The reflection below explores how each film symbolically portrays cultural norms and how they both align and contract with my personal beliefs.

Moonrise Kingdom - American Culture

Beginning with Moonrise Kingdom, it highlighted many different aspects of American culture and especially focused on individualism, rebellion, and emotional expression. Sam and Suzy, two 12-year-old children, serve as symbols of rebels, breaking free from the norms, questioning authority, and seeking freedom and independence.

Power Distance: The adults (parents, scout leader, police officer) try to uphold authority, but they constantly fight the children who question their power. The film features a low power distance culture where there is no clear hierarchy and the kids constantly push the boundaries. In Sweden, we’re taught to always respect authority and adults, but similarly, in the movie, I also feel comfortable questioning it when I disagree.

Individualism vs. Collectivism: The film strongly focuses on individualism, where Sam and Suzy clearly value their personal desires and independence over family and community expectations. This can also be seen by Sam’s foster parents rejecting him and Suzy’s parents not understanding her. I believe this is very typical of American culture, characterized by individual success over anything. However, in the end, community collaboration is finally valued. The other Khaki scouts decide to help Sam and Suzy, Captain Sharp adopts Sam, and Suzy’s parents are becoming a bit more open-minded. The Swedish culture is very similar when it comes to valuing independence and self-expression. However, our culture has a stronger sense of social responsibility, and I believe we care more about the welfare of others.

Masculinity vs. Femininity: Emotional expression, creativity, and nurturing relationships speaks for a more feminine culture. I strongly identify with these values, Sweden is one of the countries with the most feminine cultures, and to me quality of life and wellbeing is extremely important.

Uncertainty Avoidance: Sam and Suzy embrace uncertainty and risk in multiple ways. This can be seen when they run away in the wilderness on their own with no clear plan. I tend to prefer structure and planning, so their openness to uncertainty felt risky, but also inspiring to me.

Long-term vs. Short-term: Sam and Suzy have a short-term focus. They take it day by day with no clear plan for the future. I believe my culture has a more long-term focus. Even though innovation, short-term plans, and emotional actions are okay, there is always a long-term plan.

Indulgence vs. Restraint: Sweden scores very high in indulgence, and I’m used to a culture that values leisure, fun, and enjoying life. The adults in the movie depict the exact opposite of this, but the kids are challenging this, pursuing life with values more similar to an indulgent culture.

Outsourced - Indian Culture

Outsourced explored culture values in a completely different way by letting us follow the American call center manager Todd Anderson through his experience in India. The movie shows how embedded our cultural values are, but also how openness to learning about others can introduce a whole new world.

Power Distance: India has a clear hierarchy where elders are respected and employees defer to authority. This contradicts both the American and Swedish culture, where things are more egalitarian.

Individualism vs. Collectivism: India has a strong focus on collectivism. They focus on family and social harmony, which can be seen through arranged marriages and living with extended family. Initially Todd had a hard time understanding these values, and for me this communal perspective was also eye-opening.

Masculinity vs. Femininity: The movie depicted a good balance between hard work and care for relationships. I really agree with these values. Todd on the other hand had more of a masculine and American mindset, solely focusing on crunching numbers and conducting business.

Uncertainty Avoidance: The Indian culture introduced the concept of “jugaad”, referring to creative problem-solving. This can be seen in the call center when the employees come up with creative ways to understand the American products. Todd, depicting American culture, struggles with the lack of structure and so did I. Even though Sweden has low uncertainty avoidance, the jugaad mindset was a little too chaotic for me.

Long-term vs. Short-term: Long-term orientation is key in India. Tradition and duty are deeply rooted in the culture and there isn’t much room for personal choice. In my culture we also value tradition, but we tend to focus as much on the present and personal choice.

Indulgence vs. Restraint: Public behavior is highly restrained. Physical affection and personal desires are moderated, and Todd struggles with this a lot. Similarly, I’m also used to more open emotional expressions.

Iron & Silk - Chinese Culture

Lastly, Iron & Silk depicts Chinese culture, showing strong values of discipline, collective identity, and respect. As a huge fan of Kung Fu Mark believed he would fit perfectly into the Chinese culture while moving there for a year to live and teach English.

Power Distance: Teachers and authority figures are deeply respected, and questioning them is rare. Mark struggled with this initially, and similarly, in Sweden, the hierarchy is more relaxed.

Individualism vs. Collectivism: Harmony and social responsibility is strongly valued. Actions reflect on the community and not just the individual. I greatly value independence, so the Chinese perspective pushed me to think differently.

Masculinity vs. Femininity: Achievement and the mastery of skills is highly respected, but so is relationship building. I agree with the focus on personal growth, but public humility is much more strongly emphasized than in my culture.

Uncertainty Avoidance: Structure and tradition are core values, and rules around education, social behavior, and relationships are formal and explicit. I’m more used to open dialogue and flexibility.

Long-term vs. Short-term: Patience, perseverance, and respect for the past are strongly present. I found this admirable and respectable, but my own thinking is usually a bit more present-focused.

Indulgence vs. Restraint: Behavior strictly follows social norms and personal desires are undermined collective values. These types of restraints contrast my daily experiences and cultural values a lot.

Analyzing these three films through Hofstede's framework didn't only teach me about different cultures but also gave me a much deeper insight into my own cultural identity. Learning about the Indian and Chinese cultures it made me realize how much I value independence, emotional openness, and the balance between structure and freedom. At the same time, I became aware of how cultures like India and China emphasize respect, tradition, and group cohesion. Those are values I now appreciate more. After watching the movies, it also made me realize the big difference in how Americans and Swedes value success. In all three movies, the American values of chasing money, having a "successful" career, and always working were very evident. In Sweden, and for me, success is defined as finding a balance between well-being, work, and quality of life. Always chasing to maximize and achieve a new career milestone isn't always the top priority. While I do value some of the masculine cultural values, I still have a much more feminine view of life.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/25/2025 17:41:09
Subject: constructing ownership of words
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Please see Klara Nelander’s posting below. It is a constellation of signifiers, carefully selected and translated into a communicable form.

Her words are the medium through which the world of her posting is disclosed. 

It is only by her ‘saying' that this world makes an appearance. 

It is the fundamental way beings come into presence for human understanding. Please Google Heidegger and The Nature of Language.

When you undertake the deconstructive process, you take ownership of your words by disclosing your selection. You take ownership because each word you select is not so much a concept as a “relation”: a relation between you and that word. 

Constructing a New Complex Sentence:

Framed by perspective and shaped by consequence, reality ripples through the depths of subconscious knowing, where impulse and cognition intertwine to forge the truths we live by.

Several points to consider:

For Heidegger, language is not secondary to thought or reality; instead, it is the language of your posting through which the world of the fishbowl is meaningfully revealed. 

Please see the posting below as an example. 

Heidegger critiques the traditional view that language merely represents an already-existing world. Instead, he argues that language is the house of Being, meaning that through language, the world is disclosed to us in a way that allows us to relate meaningfully. In the fishbowl, we’ve been relating meaningfully to each other from the opening event of posting vocabulary. In this sense, “saying” or posting in the fishbowl is not just speaking words—it is an act of revealing, a way of bringing forth the fishbowl as an intelligible space where things can appear to us as what they are. 

Without your deconstructive process, the world of the fishbowl would not "appear" meaningfully; it would remain an undifferentiated flux without structure or significance. 

Sanjiv

CONSTELLATION, SIGNIFIER, MEDIUM, TRANSLATE, COMMUNICABLE, FORM, DISCLOSE, SAY, APPEARANCE, RELATION, REVEAL

from the fishbowl...

Klaranelander

Posts: 95

Joined: Tue Jan 21, 2025 7:52 pm

feedback on your fishbowl postings

post by Klaranelander » Tue Mar 18, 2025 1:18 pm

Practicing selecting a sentence, unraveling it and reconstructing it:

Reality is a result of how we choose to see it, there are rules, or there aren't, there is the choice of intuition or the decision of sticking to dutifulness.

Selected Words:

Reality

Choice

Intuition

Word Pool 1:

Reality: perception, construct, illusion, truth, manifestation

Choice: agency, decision, will, divergence, responsibility

Intuition: instinct, feeling, subconscious, wisdom, impulse

Word Pool 2:

Perception: viewpoint, subjectivity, experience, lens

Decision: judgment, consequence, commitment, deliberation

Instinct: gut, reaction, foresight, subconscious pull

Word Pool 3:

Viewpoint: perspective, paradigm, bias, framing

Consequence: ripple, effect, causality, burden

Subconscious pull: impulse, premonition, primal knowing, deep cognition

Constructing a New Complex Sentence:

Framed by perspective and shaped by consequence, reality ripples through the depths of subconscious knowing, where impulse and cognition intertwine to forge the truths we live by.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/24/2025 22:05:04
Subject: network of signification
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

How do you make sense of this jargon-written Abstract, which describes what you are supposed to be doing and cannot do so?

Think of the jargon in the Abstract in terms of the following...

For a Cinematic experience, think of moving images on your mental screen. What images are flowing through your mind? For example, please see Samantha Boffi’s images below, which I found very relatable and authentic.

For Actor-Network Theory, think of the positioning of the camera lens, the framing of the image, the lighting, and the momentary snapshot that determines the virtual experience of Boffi's posting and which we wish to understand.

We Deconstruct the words spoken in a snapshot to further our understanding. We look up every word in the dictionary. We sort, sift, select, and substitute words and develop a structure we like that is understandable. If it does not, we reopen the dictionary, look up the meaning of words in the last sentence constructed, and proceed further into the unknown. We remain unphased but challenged as we march on to create our knowing: knowledge and theory.

We are a Visual Culture because we can see each other’s processes. We share thoughts, images, and ideas. We have perspectives, world views, and attitudes.

Our world is a mental one, intersubjective, imaginary, and virtual. We can see each other sharing with each other; it is a visual culture we call the fishbowl.

All the words we use in the fishbowl are symbols and representations of something else. The fishbowl is a symbolic system and a network of signification. Please revisit Lola’s final song in Kinky Boots of a Shoe Factory as a mystical place!

Please see the latest version of the Abstract. If I have missed a name, please let me know. Sommelier India is the technical Administrator of the fishbowl. 

I have left out names that were already co-authored in the fall semester. 

Sanjiv

SIGNIFICATION, NETWORK

from the fishbowl...

samanthaboffi

Posts: 95

Joined: Tue Jan 21, 2025 9:40 pm

Contact: Contact samanthabo

Re: Felt Experiences

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by samanthaboffi » Mon Mar 24, 2025 2:33 pm

feed back on your fishbowl postings

For as long as I can remember, I have always had trouble grasping information given to me in school settings for the most part. As the teacher would give lessons and speak, her words never stuck into my brain. They hover over me, just out of grasp, like I'm using my bare hands to attempt to gather the information. While I sit there looking at the page, the letters and figures blending into something unintelligible, I watch other students nod, make notes, and respond to questions with ease. It was always so frustrating to me, knowing others had such a simple time while I was holding onto dear life to grasp the concepts thrown at us. It wasn't the lack of trying, because I did that was no question. I repeatedly read the same sentence, hoping it would make sense. However, it doesn't. It feels like my brain is constantly slipping behind while attempting to stay up while navigating through the challenges. The class has already progressed by the time I finally get the first section, and I feel as though I'm just standing there while everyone else is running forward. A knot of frustration tightens in my chest. I don't want to seek support once more. "Just pay attention" or "do better" are not things I want to hear. I'm making an effort. As a result, I pretend to take notes while sitting silently in the hopes that no one will realize how lost I truly am. I could get it later. It might simply click. But at the moment, I feel as though I'm clutching a puzzle with pieces missing, and no matter how hard I try, I'll never be able to complete the picture.

ACTOR-NETWORK THEORY, CINEMATIC EXPERIENCE, AND DERRIDEAN DECONSTRUCTION IN VISUAL CULTURE: EVOLVING NETWORKS

S. Dugal1, J. Booth1, K. Nelander1, P. Deslauriers1, M. Conti1, K. Khalfayan1, A. Montan1, S. Conquest1, M. DaGraca1, C. Flint1, K. Irons1, E. Provost1, D. Kane1, S. Maloof1, B. Luzzi1, I. Luksch1, K. Pinell1, A. Sullivan1, R. Ritacco1, K. Regan1, C. Sylva1, B. Velasquez1, D. Wallace1, S. Blanchard1, R. Davidson1, A. Mukherjee1, D. Daly1, R. Fry1, W. Grant1, K. Madrid1, A. Mastin1, V. Zullo1, S. Boffi1, M. Maxim1, R. Singh2, A. Mizia1, S. Singh3, R. Singh4, J. Quatchak1, M. Corbett1, E. Perdomo1, A. Dodson1, A. Griffin1

1 University of Rhode Island (UNITED STATES)

2 Sommelier India (INDIA)

3 Sommelier India (UNITED STATES)

4 RLDesign Studio (INDIA)

I. Introduction

Our study uses three key frameworks: Actor-Network Theory (Latour), deconstruction (Derrida), and visual culture studies. By viewing responses from 135 online participants, we examine how cinematic experience is shaped through digital platforms, meme culture, and audience participation, which challenge traditional film boundaries. Digital platforms complicate traditional cinematic boundaries, transforming cinema into an evolving network of signification.

1. Actor-Network Theory and Cinematic Experiences

Experiences arise through cameras, editing software, projection technologies, online streaming, and viewer interactions.

2. Derridean Deconstruction and Textual Fluidity of Film

Constructing cinematic experiences through intertextual references, personal histories, and cultural contexts.

3. Visual Culture and the Network of Signification

II. Purpose

We aim to provide an analytical lens for understanding the interaction between cinematic texts, visual imagery, cultural meanings, and spectator participation. We aim to highlight how film extends beyond traditional theatrical viewings into online spaces, where participants engage with cinematic content in new ways.

III. Method

We are viewing online spaces where participants engage actively with text from the film Kinky Boots.

1. Textual Selection and Structure Formation: select a key sentence from a film snapshot in Kinky Boots as a foundational structure for interpretation.

2. Word Pool Development: focus on significant words (concepts, word images) from above, expanding their meaning through dictionaries, thesauruses, and online searches to explore nuances and semantic shifts.

3. Engage with Word Pool: immerse in the evolving lexicon, create active knowledge, and explore film as an intertextual construct.

4. Interpretative Reconstruction: Using the word pool, generate new statements—concise aphorisms or axioms—distinct from the original sentence.

5. Experiential Reflection: contextualize the interpretations above by infusing personal experiences and cinematic references.

IV. Findings and Discussion

Our study shows that visual culture functions as a decentralized and interactive network. Key themes from participants’ responses include:

1. Shared Influence on Film Engagement – Algorithms, online communities, and streaming platforms shape how viewers watch and interpret films.

2. Flexible Meanings – Films have multiple interpretations, aligning with Derrida’s idea that meaning is never fixed.

Interactive Visual Culture – Film snapshots circulate online, extending cinema beyond theaters into digital conversations.

3. Collective perception - Images function within a dynamic network of signification, where their meanings are not intrinsic but emerge through intertextual relationships, cultural codes, and socio-historical contexts that shape and are shaped by collective perception.

V. Conclusion

Our research underscores the intricate networks that shape cinematic experiences. In our final paper, we will present Insights from participants who affirm that film is not a static text but a dynamic, networked event influenced by human and non-human actors. Future research could expand on these findings by incorporating real-time data analytics to examine viewer engagement with digital film platforms more comprehensively.

Keywords: Actor Network Theory, digital platform, cinematic experience, Derridean deconstruction, visual culture, spectator participation, network of signification

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/22/2025 21:55:21
Subject: our processes and outcomes
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

By the end of the semester, we will have lived and understood the concepts described in our Abstract for Edulearn25. 

In my following letter, I will outline what lies ahead in sections. At the outset, most of your time will be spent watching three films. As you do so, my letters will introduce you to a new vocabulary, discourse, way of thinking, and learning process and outcome.

The lesson of whatever I have learned over time is that looking carefully at anything informs looking at everything. Our task is to learn again to see things whole by respecting and treasuring their “minute particulars.” Please see Peter DeLauriers posting below as an excellent example.

I believe the best hope for our species lies in learning new patterns of attention to each other and the biosphere, patterns that grow out of curiosity and respect and allow for wonder and learning.

Sanjiv

WHOLE, PARTICULAR, ABSTRACT, SPECIFIC, PATTERN, ATTENTION, CURIOSITY, RESPECT

from the fishbowl...

peterdeslauriers

Posts: 85

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2025 11:06 am

Re: Assignment 8

post by peterdeslauriers » Sat Mar 22, 2025 2:32 pm

Step 1: Start with a Complex Sentence

“Understanding arises when we connect deeply with the unseen forces shaping experience.”

Step 2: Break Down Key Elements

Choose keywords:

Understanding

Arises

Connect

Deeply

Unseen

Forces

Shaping

Experience

Step 3: Gather Around 15 Related Words or Images from These

Let’s expand based on definitions, connotations, and imagery:

Understanding – comprehension, insight, grasp, clarity, perception

Arises – emerges, manifests, surfaces, unfolds, springs

Connect – link, bond, bridge, merge, relate

Unseen – hidden, veiled, obscure, implicit, invisible

Forces – energy, pressure, influence, drive, motion

Shaping – forming, molding, crafting, patterning, structuring

Experience – encounter, perception, memory, sensation, awareness

(We now have more than 15 words.)

Step 4: Select a Few Words and Break Them Down Further

Let’s choose: Insight, Invisible, Drive

Insight: Inner, Light, Vision, Penetration, Realization

Invisible: Absence, Masked, Hidden, Unknown, Ether

Drive: Impulse, Urge, Motion, Hunger, Direction

Step 5: Continue Further

Let’s dive deeper into Realization, Ether, and Hunger

Realization: Truth, Recognition, Awakening, Alignment, Fulfillment

Ether: Space, Vibration, Medium, Silence, Immaterial

Hunger: Desire, Lack, Yearning, Pull, Craving

Step 6: Watch for the Axiom

Now, as these words swirl and interact, something begins to crystallize.

Axiom:

“What is unseen moves us, and we name it only in the moment of recognition.”

This feels felt. It emerges naturally from the spiral — from invisible forces to realization to hunger — all pointing toward a core truth: we are moved by what we don’t yet see, and only through experience do we name it.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/9/2025 18:54:56
Subject: Reflexivity and Action Research
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are doing well. 

Your postings, explore a reflective and experiential approach to action research (please Google), emphasizing how individuals can integrate inquiry into their daily lives, work, and relationships. You present life as inquiry in an ongoing process of curiosity, critical reflection, and responsiveness to personal and professional contexts. Please see Klara Nelander’s postings below as an example.

Your first-person accounts and selection (please Google ‘First Person Action Research’ by Judi Marshall) involve more than just defining research methods—they involve cultivating awareness, questioning assumptions, and experimenting with new ways of thinking and acting. You draw from personal experiences and examples to illustrate how practitioners can engage in continuous self-reflection while also influencing broader social and organizational change.

Please Google Reflexive Methodology: New Vistas for Qualitative Research Second Edition

by Mats Alvesson and Kaj Skoldberg.

Sanjiv

INQUIRY, REFLEXIVITY, EXPLORE, RESEARCH, INFLUENCE

from the fishbowl...

Klaranelander

Posts: 76

Joined: Tue Jan 21, 2025 7:52 pm

The fishbowl is a living text

Post by Klaranelander » Thu Feb 20, 2025 1:10 pm

"The more languages one knows, the harder it is to find a truth in what a word truly means."

I had never thought about the way languages have shaped me as a person until I read about this week's concept of deconstruction by Derrida. Just as we reinterpret words every time we hear them, learning a new word in another language reshapes our understanding of its meaning. Every time I go through my vocabulary, I instinctively translate the word into Swedish and German. Often, I realize that I would have described the word very differently in another language compared to what feels natural in English. It’s as if meaning itself is fluid, never fixed, only shifting depending on the structures of the language I’m using. This makes me wonder, if words can never fully capture a singular truth, how much of what I perceive as reality is shaped by the languages I speak?

Klaranelander

Posts: 76

Joined: Tue Jan 21, 2025 7:52 pm

Assignment: Kinky Boots

Post by Klaranelander » Wed Feb 26, 2025 12:20 pm

Finding a true purpose can sometimes be hard without having people cheering you on.

In my writing class last year I wrote a paper on how social media and immediate validation have shaped today's society. Many teenagers today feel the need to post and document everything they do in order for them to feel a true purpose of doing it. Inner motivation is lacking in many young adults, and the need for an audience to confirm, support, and encourage is only growing bigger. Looking back, I realize how many times I've fallen into the trap of seeking approval before taking action. It happens easily, especially when we get stuck in endless scrolling on social media. That assignment taught me the importance of self-discipline. By looking for inner motivation, clarity emerges, and the need for an audience fades away.

Klaranelander

Posts: 76

Joined: Tue Jan 21, 2025 7:52 pm

symbolic interactionism

Post by Klaranelander » Thu Feb 27, 2025 1:15 pm

Objects carry meaning beyond their function, many times sending a message before words even are spoken.

Watching Kinky Boots made me realize how much of a deeper meaning shoes have than just the basic function of helping with walking. Shoes, and fashion in general, serve as symbols and a way of expressing who we are. To Lola, shoes are everything. The process of designing, creating, and picking the right material for her boots is an essential part of who she is. The way we dress sends a message to the world, before even saying a word, we have already communicated a lot by the way we look. This insight made me think about how professors always tell us to dress nicely when going to an interview. A nice pair of shoes, a nice blouse, or a nice suit, sends a message. It sets the tone of a conversation before it's even started. Watching the movie really made me understand this.

Klaranelander

Posts: 76

Joined: Tue Jan 21, 2025 7:52 pm

developing the Abstract (1)

Post by Klaranelander » Thu Mar 06, 2025 12:34 pm

Nothing in life is done alone, we find meaning, purpose, and ideas through interaction with others, both humans and non-humans.

Like Charlie in Kinky Boots, I have realized that success is not solely based on individual effort but emerges from relationships, networks, and external influences. Whether in tennis or finance, my trajectory has been shaped by interactions with coaches, teammates, mentors, and industry professionals, mirroring ANT’s idea that agency is never isolated but always co-constructed.

Post by Klaranelander » Thu Mar 06, 2025 12:54 pm

"The way we act and think is shaped by the elements we perceive in our surroundings."

Identity is not static but fluid, continuously evolving as we move through different stages of life. For example, going to college reshapes how we see ourselves and how we interact with the world. At URI, I identify as a Ram, and in doing so, I become a representation of the school. Every time I talk about URI, I actively shape its perception, both my own and that of others. The way I choose to represent URI is influenced by my experiences and how I have perceived the school over time. In this sense, identity is not just personal but co-constructed through relationships, interactions, and networks, much like in ANT.

Klaranelander

Posts: 76

Joined: Tue Jan 21, 2025 7:52 pm

developing the Abstract (2): doing the Kinky Boots exercise

Post by Klaranelander » Sat Mar 08, 2025 4:33 pm

We're all participants, occasionally sharing glimpses of our lives with others.

Yesterday, as I sat in Starbucks, I watched people coming and going, each wrapped up in their own world. A student like me doing homework, a runner, breathless, grabbing coffee mid-call, parents bringing their kids in after school, and later an older couple strolled in ordering coffee together. It made me realize how busy today's world is and how everyone is constantly on a mission. What we see is only a snapshot, a glimpse of a moment in their lives. At surface level we connect, observe, and wonder. And then, just like that we move on, and might never see that person again.

4o

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/8/2025 17:52:06
Subject: developing the Abstract (2): doing the Kinky Boots exercise
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

The Kinky Boots exercise is at the heart of the abstract for EDULEARN25. This letter provides feedback on what I have ascertained thus far regarding the exercise. Please know that we are creating this exercise together, like an orchestra. New concepts and new understandings emerge as we journey together. I am not more intelligent than you, I am only a participant observer. And so we are to each other. "We were never about intelligence!" she declared.

You have to watch Kinky Boots in person because you are engaging not only the text spoken, but also registering fleeting images from the film. 

We define the cinematic experience by immersing ourselves in the characters' lives and focusing on five snapshots from Kinky Boots. Please see Kiara Madrid’s posting below.

I have attached the film again.

Each snapshot you select is represented by a structure of words, i.e., by your selected sentence.

Your selected sentence is the opening sentence, the structure from which each of us in the fishbowl jumps off the cliff into the unknown.

“Cliffs of the heart," she said. "That commences a journey, leading to the conference Edulearn25," I replied.

As each individual selects a structure, after sorting and sifting images in Kinky Boots, we develop a word pool as a whole in the fishbowl that becomes a flexible and growing boundary of words and pictures regarding the film.

When we do the exercise, we immerse ourselves in and engage with the text and images in the word pool, our domain of action and knowledge creation.

How do you do that?

Pull out three or four words from your opening sentence. The more complex the sentence structure, the greater is the chance of coming up with something meaningful for the exercise. Please bear this in mind.

Use the dictionary, thesaurus, and Google searches when necessary, and collect words similar to the key word(s). Here you are looking for nuance, perhaps a shift in stance. So if you have five similar words for each keyword, then for three keywords, you will have created a word pool of fifteen words or so. 

These fifteen words or so is the domain you are working in.

Narrow it down to three or four words that are different from each other. This is important to keep in mind.

Take these three/four words and look up thesaurus for substitute words.

Before long, your new structure will begin to emerge, surface and take form.

Your new sentence is a pithy statement. An axiom, an aphorism. It has nothing to do with your opening structure.

Next is your felt experience, an example from your past experience. You are reflecting on it here, using memory and your interpretation of the incident. You are using examples from Kinky Boots, the fishbowl, and your personal life.

The last couple of letters and your work in the fishbowl have given me an outline for writing the abstract to submit to EDULEARN25 (please Google). I feel good about it, and I hope you do, too.

Sanjiv

DOMAIN, BOUNDARY, AXIOM, APHORISM, PITHY, NUANCE, STANCE, SNAPSHOT, EMERGE, SURFACE, FORM

Kinky Boots

https://drive.google.com/file/d/12h4f1ET-djdMRthz3Trgz0NM4qWKyy5m/view?usp=sharing

from the fishbowl...

Please see Kiara Madrid’s Kinky Boots exercise below. This is excellent work regarding ‘cinematic experience' in the first round, as many of you have done. In the second round, develop the word pools like I have described above, and restructure, which has little to do with your opening structure.

kiaramadrid

Posts: 61

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2025 11:06 am

Contact: Contact kiaramadrid

Re: Assignment

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by kiaramadrid » Wed Feb 26, 2025 7:05 pm

Step 1: Original Quotes

1. “I have to warn you, Charlie from Northampton, I have a terrible habit of doing exactly the opposite of what people want of me.”

2. “Look to the heel, young man. The sex is in the heel.”

3. “A factory is its people. It’s not about the bricks; it’s the people in it.”

4. “You change the world when you change your mind.”

5. “Pursue the truth.”

Step 2: Word Pools

• Sentence 1: warn, Charlie, Northampton, terrible, habit, doing, opposite, people, want

• Sentence 2: look, heel, young, man, sex, in

• Sentence 3: factory, people, not, about, bricks, in

• Sentence 4: change, world, when, mind

• Sentence 5: pursue, truth

Step 3: Restructured Sentences

1. “Charlie, I must inform you, I tend to act contrary to others’ expectations.”

2. “Focus on the heel, young man; allure resides there.”

3. “A factory’s essence lies in its people, not the building materials.”

4. “Altering your perspective can transform the world.”

5. “Seek out the truth.”

Step 4: Felt Experiences

1. “Charlie, I must inform you, I tend to act contrary to others’ expectations.”

• This reminds me of times when I followed my own path despite external pressures, leading to personal growth and self-discovery.

2. “Focus on the heel, young man; allure resides there.”

• It highlights how minor details can create a significant impact, much like how small changes in my work or appearance can make a difference.

3. “A factory’s essence lies in its people, not the building materials.”

• This emphasizes the importance of teamwork and community, reminding me of moments when strong collaboration led to success.

4. “Altering your perspective can transform the world.”

• It suggests that a shift in mindset can open new doors, something I’ve experienced when overcoming challenges with a fresh approach.

5. “Seek out the truth.”

• This encourages honesty and integrity, values that I strive to uphold in both personal and professional aspects of life.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/5/2025 22:32:44
Subject: developing the Abstract (1)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

I write to you today to explore the connections between Actor-Network Theory (ANT), Jacques Derrida’s deconstruction of text, the cinematic experience of watching Kinky Boots, and the visual culture of the fishbowl. These seemingly disparate concepts share a deep and intricate relationship, shaping how we perceive identity, agency, and representation.

Actor-Network Theory and the Web of Relations

Actor-Network Theory (ANT), developed by scholars like Bruno Latour, challenges the idea of stable entities by emphasizing the network of relationships between human and non-human actors. ANT argues that meaning and agency do not reside in individual subjects but emerge from the interactions within a network. When we consider Kinky Boots, the transformation of Charlie Price and Lola (Simon) is not an isolated journey but one shaped by relationships—between tradition and innovation, personal history and societal expectations, and even the materiality of boots themselves. The factory, the workers, the boots, and the markets are all part of the network that reshapes Charlie’s and Lola’s lives.

Derrida’s Deconstruction: Unraveling Fixed Identities

Derrida’s deconstruction teaches us that text—and by extension, identity—is never fixed but always in a state of flux. The binary oppositions that structure meaning (male/female, success/failure, tradition/progress) are not stable but depend on context and intertextual play. In Kinky Boots, Lola disrupts normative ideas of masculinity and femininity, embodying Derrida’s notion that meaning is always deferred and contingent. Charlie, too, undergoes a deconstructive process as he questions his inherited role as a traditional businessman and instead embraces reinvention.

Cinematic Experience and Empathy

When watching Kinky Boots, we are not just passive spectators; we are enmeshed in the film’s emotional and visual textures. Cinematic storytelling employs framing, lighting, music, and performance to draw us into Charlie and Lola’s struggles, encouraging empathy. The film positions us to witness their vulnerabilities and triumphs, much like how ANT insists that actors—whether human or non-human—gain significance through their relationships and networks. Our engagement with the film, then, is itself a performative act of meaning-making.

The Fishbowl: A Visual Metaphor for Cultural Observation

The concept of the fishbowl in visual culture refers to both surveillance and spectacle. It represents the act of being observed and the constraints that shape identity when placed under scrutiny. Lola’s navigation of public and private identities—drag queen and son, performer and laborer—reflects the pressures of being seen through different gazes. Likewise, Charlie struggles with how his employees, family, and investors perceive him. The fishbowl effect is a crucial lens through which we can understand the characters’ performative identities and their relationship with society.

Conclusion: Networks of Meaning

By linking ANT, deconstruction, cinematic empathy, and the visual culture of the fishbowl, we see how identity and meaning are always in flux. Just as Lola and Charlie find agency through relationships, so too must we recognize that meaning—whether in texts, films, or social roles—is co-constructed. Our task, then, is not merely to consume narratives but to critically engage with the networks that shape them.

I invite you to reflect on these ideas and consider how they apply to your own experiences of identity, storytelling, and visual culture.

Sanjiv

PERCEIVE, IDENTITY, AGENCY, REPRESENTATION

Please Google search the following:

Actor Network Theory

Derrida's Deconstruction

Cinematic experience

Visual Culture

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/5/2025 1:21:14
Subject: tomorrow in real time
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

For those who wish to meet to understand assignments, and generally your performance thus far, I will be in the following places tomorrow:

11 am Ballentine 101

12 Noon Rams Den for lunch

1 pm Ballentine 112

2 pm Quinn Hall 104

You may email me as well with your questions.

See you then...

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/4/2025 22:11:21
Subject: what we are doing and how we are doing it
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. Please see Harvey Meaghan’s completed assignment on Kinky Boots below

We are watching ourselves in a fishbowl, watching Kinky Boots.

We are watching disparate sub-cultures communicating and collaborating successfully.

We are watching symbolic (word) structures intersecting.

We are watching different realities, stories, and narratives unfolding simultaneously in a fishbowl.

Actor-Network Theory (ANT) in Ethnography provides a way to study the relationships between humans, technologies, and material objects within a given social setting. ANT is particularly useful for techno-social ethnographies, such as when viewing Kinky Boots and Strictly Ballroom and ourselves in a fishbowl, because it helps trace how different actors (both human and non-human) shape each other within networks.

Practicing ethnography involves immersing yourself in a community or cultural setting to observe, interact, and understand actors’ behaviors, beliefs, and social dynamics. 

Sanjiv

PITHY, AXIOM

Here’s a step-by-step example on how to do it effectively. I have interjected Harvey Meaghan’s homework in italics.:

Step 1.

"I have a terrible habit of doing exactly the opposite of what people want.” (HarveyMeaghan)

Your opening structure will determine what will follow, so carefully select it.

You are interacting with humans, technologies (AI), and visual material objects (film) in a social setting.

Actor Network Theory helps write techno-social ethnographies because it helps trace how different actors (both human and non-human) shape each other within networks. For instance, Lola influenced Charlie Boy and they both influenced Meghan in the fishbowl. We can trace how different actors in the fishbowl were influenced within their networkl.

Step 2.

horrible, custom, precisely, contrary, desire (harveymeaghan)

Work on your word pool by taking the words further and further again. I selected Horrible, Custom and Contrary and took the words further

Step 3.

"I have a horrible custom of doing precisely the contrary of what people desire.” (harveymeaghan)

After taking the words Horrible, Custom, and Contrary, I constructed the following sentence:

“Practice Difference.”

My constructed structure is pithy, an axiom, and I can easily do a felt experience. I might even take the two words Practice and Difference further yet and come up with yet another sentence

 Step4.

"I am very strong-minded making me set in my ways not always wanting to comply to what other people want." (heavymeaghan)

I practice (repeatedly exercise) a difference every morning by taking a different route to school. I go either on the highway or the byway.

Key lessons: Opening structure is important. Don’t stop your word pool in the first round. Take selected words from the structure further, and then do it again and again. Until you come up with a completely new idea and sentence. It may have little to do with the starting structure.

from the fishbowl...

Att/1 from 2/25 Letter subject: Assignment: Looking and Being 

Assignment: Kinky Boots

When viewing Kinky Boots, we are learning to understand what we see/look/read, before we write and post. Please view Kinky Boots as a journey through nets of meaning.

Step 1.

Select 5 sentences spoken in Kinky Boots by the actors.

Step 2.

Define words and construct word pools for each sentence.

Step 3.

Re-structure each sentence in Step 1 by using your word pool.

Step4.

Do a felt experience about your fishbowl/Kinky Boots/personal experience for each of the 5 re-structured sentences

Follow the KISS principle.

The upshot: We are meaning-spinning participants. Whatever we experience, we take in and interpret as meaningful---or else, we do not experience it at all. Meaningless things are chaos to the human mind; they fall outside of what it can absorb. Berger proposes that looking can be used to see between the meaningful and meaningless, that the gaze can be purposefully directed at the yet unnamed and held like this to catch meaning as it is born.

We might consider this assignment and its framing for the EDULEARN conference—just a thought about ‘reading' and ‘writing' in the age of AI.

att/2

harveymeaghan

Posts: 41

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2025 11:18 am

Contact: Contact harveymeaghan

Re: Assignment

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by harveymeaghan » Mon Mar 03, 2025 11:52 am

Step 1.

"I have a terrible habit of doing exactly the opposite of what people want."

"One never knows what joy we might find amongst the unwanted and abandoned."

"Maybe you judge what you leave behind by what you inspire in other people."

"Change your mind about someone"

"Perhaps what women secretly desire is a man who is fundamentally a woman."

Step 2.

horrible, custom, precisely, contrary, desire

realize, delight, discover, surrounded by, undesirable, deserted

perhaps, decide, after, motivate, further

Modify, intellect, regarding,

Possibly, covertly, crave, elementally

Step 3.

"I have a horrible custom of doing precisely the contrary of what people desire."

"One never realizes what delight we might discover surrounded by the undesirable and deserted."

"Perhaps you decide what you leave after by what you motivate further in people."

"Modify your intellect regarding someone."

"Possibly what women covertly crave is a man who is elementally a woman."

Step4.

I am very strong minded making me set in my ways not always wanting to comply to what other people want.

The saying "One mans trash is another mans treasure." fits exactly here. People find uses for almost everything even the things seen as just trash. I like to use old containers from food for organization since they're reliable and cute.

I believe that one of the greatest impacts you can leave behind is making an impact on someone's life. I can think of a handful of people in my life who have made an everlasting change and they will always have a place in my heart.

Everyone makes judgements when they first encounter something, it's in our human nature to judge. We judge to survive and to evaluate possible threats, physically, emotionally and socially. As we all jump to conclusions it is important to recognize that your conclusions may not always be correct and we may have to have an open mind.

Society has created a toxic masculine culture making it difficult for men to want to express their feelings and be that nurturing figure that women want. Men can't be seen as vulnerable or else it takes away from their strength and being seen as the protector, however that's exactly what women desire, is to see that men aren't just this strong front but also soft and kind.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/3/2025 3:17:07
Subject: Kinky Boots: Transnational Business and Actor Network Theory
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Kinky Boots is a real-life story of interacting with a foreign culture without fear or prejudice.

It’s an excellent metaphor for understanding what a global business is about. 

The ‘actors' in Kinky Boots are a social network where each entity displays the characteristics of a transnational corporation according to Bartlett and Ghoshal's research. Please Google. Their central argument is that significant businesses can no longer afford to base their strategy on a single focus. To cope with the complex international environment, companies must have an equally complex and multi-faceted business strategy. Firms operating worldwide must pursue what the authors call a transnational corporation. This organization has the following characteristics:

Integrated Networking Structure, 

Dynamic Decision-Making, 

Adaptive Coordination Mechanisms, 

Unique Innovation Capabilities. 

Please Google Actor Network Theory and Bruno Latour. We are viewing the story of Kinky Boots from the perspective of Actor Network Theory (ANT). We also identify each of the four characteristics above in the actors' actions and words. First, we will define these four characteristics by deconstructing words and rewriting sentences. Sorting, sifting, selecting, substituting, and developing meaning. 

I trust I am not overloading. You must watch Kinky Boots and take down sentences. The basic premise of the course is learning by writing sentences. But before we can write them we must read them. Reading comes first. Whenever we engage with words in this way, we develop an understanding of the Self and things become meaningful..

Please review the text in Kinky Boots, keeping ANT and the four characteristics of a transnational business in mind.

Sanjiv

ACTOR, NETWORK, THEORY, CHARACTERISTIC, TRANSNATIONAL, GLOBAL, BUSINESS

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/2/2025 14:23:15
Subject: Assignment: Society of the Spectacle
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are doing well.

The fishbowl is, among other notions, a Society of the Spectacle. Please Google Guy Debord.

Guy Debord’s concept of the spectacle, outlined in his 1967 work The Society of the Spectacle, refers to a social condition where images, media, and commodification dominate everyday life, shaping how people perceive reality and interact with one another. According to Debord, modern society has shifted from direct human relationships and authentic experiences to a world where representations—especially those produced by mass media and capitalism—mediate everything. The spectacle is not merely a collection of images but a worldview that prioritizes appearance over reality, passive consumption over active participation, and distraction over genuine engagement.

Debord’s analysis is even more relevant now than in the 1960s. Consider the following:

	• Social Media & Digital Culture: Platforms like Instagram, TikTok, and Twitter encourage people to construct idealized versions of themselves, prioritizing image over authenticity.

	• 24/7 News & Information Overload: Media narratives are often driven by sensationalism rather than substance, shaping public opinion in a way that prioritizes spectacle over truth.

	• Corporate & Political Spectacles: Political campaigns, celebrity activism, and corporate branding rely on spectacle-driven engagement rather than substantive policy or genuine transformation.

	• AI & Virtual Realities: The rise of AI-generated content, deepfakes, and immersive digital experiences (e.g., the metaverse) creates even greater detachment from tangible reality.

Debord’s critique invites participants in the fishbowl to question how much of their reality is mediated by images, branding, and constructed narratives—and whether we can reclaim a more authentic, participatory existence in an increasingly spectacle-driven world.

Assignment: Do you see examples of the spectacle in your own experiences, outside the fishbowl and inside? Please share two examples.

To help with your examples, consider the key aspects of the Spectacle:

	• Alienation: Individuals are distanced from authentic social interactions, instead engaging with representations of reality curated by media, advertising, and entertainment industries.

	• Commodity Fetishism: Everything, including human relationships, is commodified, turning lived experiences into consumer products.

	• Passive Consumption: People become spectators rather than active participants in their own lives, consuming prepackaged experiences rather than creating their own.

	• Pseudo-Events & Manipulation: Political, economic, and cultural events are staged more for their media impact than for any intrinsic value.

Sanjiv

NOTION, SOCIETY, SPECTACLE, REPRESENTATION, AUTHENTIC, APPEARNCE, REALITY, PASSIVE, ACTIVE, ENGAGEMENT

images from the fishbowl...the society of the spectacle

Sent from my iPhone

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/27/2025 23:55:06
Subject: working the Abstract
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

In opposition to the arid logic of Cartesianism (please Google), William Grant celebrates the humanistic tradition (please Google) below. He posits the need for a comprehensive science of humanity which recognizes the value of memory and imagination.

And so the Abstract emerges...

Sanjiv

ARID, LOGIC, CARTESIAN, POSIT, HUMANITY, RECOGNIZE, MEMORY, IMAGINATION

from the fishbowl...

williamgrant

Posts: 34

Joined: Tue Jan 21, 2025 9:38 pm

Contact: Contact williamgrant

Re: Assignments

post by williamgrant » Thu Feb 27, 2025 5:09 pm

Kinky Boots

Step 1: Five Quotes from Kinky Boots

“Pursue the truth and let others be who they are.”

“Change your mind about someone, and you can change your whole world.”

“The most beautiful thing you can be is yourself.”

“You can change the world when you change your perspective.”

“You are never truly alone when you accept yourself.”

Step 2: Word Pools

Pursue, truth, accept, real, honest

Change, mindset, world, different, new

Beautiful, yourself, confidence, identity

Perspective, change, see, impact, transform

Alone, accept, self, embrace, belong

Step 3: Reworded Sentences

"Seek realness and follow what's honest."

"Shifting your perspective can transform everything around you."

"Confidence and identity make something truly special."

"You are your truest self when you feel at ease being who you are."

"The impact we leave is shaped by how we connect with others."

Step 4: Felt Experience

"Seek realness and follow what's honest."

When I started college, I had to figure out what really mattered to me. Balancing school, work, and life got easier when I focused on what felt right instead of worrying about outside pressure.

"Shifting your perspective can transform everything around you."

Managing a job and school at the same time was tough at first, but once I saw it as a chance to grow instead of just a struggle, things changed. Now, as I get ready to graduate, I can see how much I've learned.

"Confidence and identity make something truly special."

Lola owned who she was, and that made all the difference. I've learned that when I trust myself—whether it's making decisions or handling challenges—things turn out better.

"You are your truest self when you feel at ease being who you are."

The more I focused on my own goals instead of outside expectations, the more things started to click. I've realized that staying true to myself is what makes everything feel more meaningful.

"The impact we leave is shaped by how we connect with others."

Charlie and Lola's success came from the people around them, and I've seen the same in my life. Friends, classmates, and coworkers have helped shape who I am. Looking back, I'm proud of how I've adapted, and I know I didn't do it alone.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/17/2025 19:58:29
Subject: Google Searches: Taking and Making Notes
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. We will go online from now on. Your attendance will automatically be recorded in the fishbowl. 

Class time will be office hours by appointment on Monday mornings and Wednesday afternoons. Please let me know the night before.

Your excellent contributions of Google Searches (taking and making notes) and your vocabulary draw the boundary of the fishbowl’s ‘discourse’ (please Google ‘discourse analysis’). 

The difference between taking notes and making notes lies in their purpose, approach, and level of engagement.

Taking notes is purely objective and is something we all concur with. Making notes is subjective. Tone, mood, pace, dramatic gesture, and the like are subjective.

Taking Notes

Definition: Recording information from a lecture, book, or source as it is presented.

Approach: Passive; focuses on capturing key points without much modification.

Example: Writing down bullet points from a professor’s lecture or copying information from a textbook.

Purpose: To have a record of information for later review.

Making Notes

Definition: Actively processing and restructuring information in your own words.

Approach: Active; involves summarizing, organizing, and personalizing the content.

Example: Creating mind maps, summaries, or flashcards to understand better and recall information.

Purpose: To enhance understanding, retention, and critical thinking.

Key Difference

Taking notes is about recording information.

Making notes is about understanding and structuring information in a meaningful way.

Making notes rather than taking them is better for effective learning, as it helps in deeper comprehension and recall. 

Sanjiv

TAKE, MAKE, NOTES, RESONATE, LEVEL, ENGAGEMENT, DEEP, COMPREHENSION, DRAW, BOUNDARY, DISCOURSE, ANALYSIS

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/12/2025 14:10:09
Subject: sensemaking
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Please see Kelsey Khalfayan’s notes below. Taking and making notes: sorting, sifting, selecting, and substituting. Making sense!

(Please Google Karl Weick, Sensemaking in Organizations). 

By posting our notes, we are participating and creating a social. Our metaphors, images, and ideas make a perceptual space among us.

Our frames mirror who we are.

Please Google EDULEARN25. I have started working on an Abstract of our work in the fishbowl. I think we might consider that we are infusing AI with feelings and not letting AI consume us...something like that. The Abstract will unfold and take shape, and I will keep you with me every step of the way.

Sanjiv

SENSE, FRAME, MIRROR, MAKE, PARTICIPATE, SOCIAL, INFUSE, CONSUME

from the fishbowl... 

kelseykhalfayan

Posts: 33

Joined: Mon Feb 03, 2025 7:17 pm

Contact: Contact kelseykhalfayan

Re: Google Search

Post by kelseykhalfayan » Tue Feb 11, 2025 5:41 pm

"You have to change your life."

"There is no place to hide." — Rilke

This quote comes from Rainer Maria Rilke’s poem Archaic Torso of Apollo, which describes a broken but powerful statue that still seems full of life. The final line "You must change your life." feels like a direct challenge, as if the statue itself is forcing the reader to reflect and take action. The idea is that true beauty and truth leave no room for pretense and you have to face them and let them transform you.

Post by kelseykhalfayan » Tue Feb 11, 2025 5:42 pm

Rilke’s The Panther - Rilke

Rainer Maria Rilke’s poem "The Panther" is about captivity and how it slowly drains the life out of something once wild and strong. He wrote it in 1902 after visiting a Paris zoo, where he saw a panther endlessly pacing in its cage. The poem describes how the panther's world has shrunk to just the bars around it, making everything else feel distant and unreachable. Even when it briefly sees something beyond the cage, the moment fades just as quickly, showing how confinement kills not just freedom but even the ability to imagine it.

Post by kelseykhalfayan » Tue Feb 11, 2025 5:43 pm

Cubism

Cubism was an art movement started by Pablo Picasso and Georges Braque in the early 1900s. Instead of showing objects from a single angle, Cubist artists broke them into geometric shapes and showed multiple viewpoints at once. This gave their paintings a fragmented and abstract look.

The movement had two phases. Analytical Cubism (1907–1912) used complex shapes and muted colors to deconstruct objects. Later, Synthetic Cubism (1912–1919) introduced brighter colors, simpler shapes, and collage techniques. Cubism changed the way people thought about art, influencing design, architecture, and later styles like Futurism and Abstract Art.

Post by kelseykhalfayan » Tue Feb 11, 2025 5:44 pm

Social Constructivism

Social Constructivism is a theory that says people learn by interacting with others and through their culture, not just by figuring things out alone.

Lev Vygotsky, a key thinker behind this idea, believed that our knowledge is shaped by our social experiences.

Instead of just absorbing information, this theory suggests that learning happens when people share ideas, ask questions, and challenge what they know. It has influenced education by making learning more interactive, encouraging collaboration, and focusing on problem-solving rather than memorization.

Post by kelseykhalfayan » Tue Feb 04, 2025 3:17 pm

Perceptual space refers to how our brains interpret and organize sensory information like sight, sound, and smell. It helps us recognize patterns, make comparisons, and understand relationships between different events. Two key aspects of perceptual space are dimensionality and intrinsic geometry, which influence how we perceive the world around us.

Post by kelseykhalfayan » Tue Feb 04, 2025 3:18 pm

Other: The word "other" has multiple meanings depending on the context. It can refer to something different or opposite, something additional, or even a reference to a past event. For example, "the other day" meaning a few days ago.

As an adjective, it typically means something distinct from what was previously mentioned or implied.

Post by kelseykhalfayan » Tue Feb 04, 2025 3:20 pm

Rigid Mental Structures: In psychology, rigid mental structures refer to inflexible ways of thinking that make it difficult to adjust to new perspectives or adapt to change. This kind of mental rigidity can lead to stubbornness, resistance to new ideas, and an inability to modify existing beliefs or behaviors.

Post by kelseykhalfayan » Tue Feb 04, 2025 3:23 pm

Text World: Text world theory is a cognitive approach to understanding how people create meaning from language. It explains how we mentally construct representations of written or spoken text as we process information.

Textual World: A textual world refers to the mental image or conceptual space a person creates when processing language, whether from a book, a speech, or a conversation. This idea is central to text world theory, which examines how our minds build these representations as we engage with language.

This theory, developed by Paul Werth in the 1980s, is used in education to help students engage more deeply with literature by analyzing how they interpret and visualize texts.

Post by kelseykhalfayan » Tue Feb 04, 2025 3:25 pm

The True Life by Alain Badiou: Alain Badiou’s The True Life is a short but powerful book that challenges young people to rethink what it means to live authentically. He argues that chasing money and power leads to a "false life," while a true life is about creating something meaningful beyond societal expectations. Drawing on philosophy, he encourages readers to resist conformity and embrace truth, love, art, and political action as ways to live more genuinely.

Post by kelseykhalfayan » Tue Feb 04, 2025 3:34 pm

Through the Looking-Glass by Lewis Carroll: Lewis Carroll expands on Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland with a more intricate and symbolic story about growing up and making sense of an unpredictable world. When Alice steps through a mirror, she finds herself in a place where everything is reversed and logic works in unexpected ways. The story follows Alice as she navigates a chessboard world, encountering characters like the Red Queen, Tweedledum and Tweedledee, and the talking flowers. The book plays with logic, language, and the concept of time, making it both whimsical and thought-provoking.

Post by kelseykhalfayan » Tue Feb 04, 2025 3:40 pm

Knowledge Workers: Knowledge workers are professionals whose main asset is their expertise in thinking. This includes roles like scientists, engineers, architects, doctors, lawyers, and academics. The term was first introduced by Peter Drucker in 1959, emphasizing how intellectual skills drive innovation and economic progress.

The Knowledge Economy: The knowledge economy is a system where economic growth depends more on knowledge, information, and innovation than on physical labor or material production. In today’s world, industries rely on research, technology, and specialized expertise to create value, making knowledge a key driver of success.

Pierre Bourdieu and Cultural Capital: French sociologist Pierre Bourdieu introduced the concept of cultural capital, which refers to non-financial assets like education, skills, tastes, and social behaviors that help people navigate society. Cultural capital often comes from one’s upbringing and can influence success in areas like school, work, and social interactions. It’s essentially the kind of knowledge and refinement that gives someone an advantage beyond just money.

Post by kelseykhalfayan » Tue Feb 04, 2025 4:15 pm

Peter Sloterdijk: A German philosopher and cultural theorist recognized for his unconventional ideas about human existence and society. He teaches philosophy and media theory at the University of Art and Design Karlsruhe and gained public recognition as a co-host of Das Philosophische Quartett, a German philosophical television program that aired from 2002 to 2012. Sloterdijk challenges the traditional divide between concepts like mind and body, nature and culture, or subject and object. He argues that these distinctions are artificial and that everything exists in a state of mutual influence. His philosophy explores the ways humans, animals, technology, and the environment are deeply connected. He calls for a new framework that accounts for these interwoven relationships, moving beyond outdated ways of understanding existence.

His philosophy is often associated with posthumanism.

Post by kelseykhalfayan » Tue Feb 04, 2025 4:31 pm

Immaterial Labor and Maurizio Lazzarato

Maurizio Lazzarato’s theory of immaterial labor explains how modern work has moved away from physical production to focus on knowledge, communication, and emotional engagement. This shift is especially visible in industries such as media, design, advertising, and technology, where economic value is created through intellectual and social contributions rather than manufacturing. Many of these jobs involve unpaid or undervalued work, such as social media users generating content that companies monetize. Immaterial labor also blurs the line between work and personal life, as workers are often expected to maintain an online presence, engage with professional networks, and be constantly available. While this type of work offers flexibility, it also introduces new forms of exploitation, where companies benefit from labor without providing job security or traditional compensation.

Post by kelseykhalfayan » Tue Feb 04, 2025 4:32 pm

Commonwealth by Michael Hardt and Antonio Negri

In Commonwealth, Michael Hardt and Antonio Negri critique how modern political and economic systems prioritize protecting private property over the well-being of society as a whole. They introduce the concept of "the common," which advocates for collective resources and shared governance instead of individual wealth accumulation. The book challenges traditional capitalist structures and presents "altermodernity," an idea that encourages moving beyond existing political systems to create alternative models based on cooperation and inclusivity. Hardt and Negri argue that rethinking ownership and governance is necessary for building a more equitable and sustainable society.

Post by kelseykhalfayan » Tue Feb 04, 2025 4:34 pm

Luce Irigaray

Luce Irigaray is a Belgian-born French philosopher and psychoanalyst who has made significant contributions to feminist theory and the study of language. She argues that Western philosophy has historically defined women in relation to men rather than as independent individuals. Her work critiques "phallocentrism," or the dominance of male perspectives in philosophy, culture, and language, which she believes has excluded women’s voices and experiences. Irigaray calls for a transformation in the way language and identity are structured, advocating for the development of a feminine subjectivity that allows women to express themselves on their own terms rather than through male-defined norms.

kelseykhalfayan

Posts: 33

Joined: Mon Feb 03, 2025 7:17 pm

Contact: Contact kelseykhalfayan

Re: Google Search

Post by kelseykhalfayan » Tue Feb 04, 2025 4:53 pm

Jackson Pollock

Jackson Pollock transformed modern art with his radical approach to painting, pioneering techniques like drip painting and action painting. Rather than using a brush in a controlled manner, he would pour, splash, and layer paint onto a canvas, creating highly expressive, energetic compositions.

Dynamic, Expressive, Layered

These parallels highlight how both Pollock's artistic approach and the fishbowl method emphasize active engagement, personal expression, and the development of complex, layered understandings.

1. Dynamic: Pollock's method involved energetic movements, pouring and dripping paint onto canvases laid on the floor, creating lively and spontaneous compositions. Similarly, the fishbowl discussion has been dynamic, with participants actively engaging and contributing diverse perspectives.

2. Expressive: Pollock's art is renowned for its emotional intensity and personal expression, achieved through his unique application of paint. In the fishbowl, individuals openly share their thoughts and feelings, fostering an environment rich in personal expression and authenticity.

3. Layered: Pollock's paintings are characterized by complex layers of paint, resulting in intricate and multifaceted artworks. The fishbowl discussions mirror this complexity, as multiple viewpoints and ideas overlap, creating a rich tapestry of dialogue that deepens understanding.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/11/2025 2:32:17
Subject: social construction of reality (4)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Strictly Ballroom shows us, in the example posted by Kaitlyn Irons below, that the worlds we live in are extensions of ourselves and the forms of life through which we experience and engage. It is an example of how we use language to construct meaning. Words, at face value, are clear and precise. They depict an image, idea, and agreed meaning. But is the process of constructing meaning this simple? Language in the form of written and social text is never self-evident. External contexts and points of reference always mediate meanings and actions. To grasp and understand even the most straightforward meanings, we draw on all kinds of implicit knowledge and engage in complex acts of social construction and interpretation that are tentative, paradoxical, and always in danger of breaking down.

A general social-constructivist view is that whatever the characteristics of the “objective” world, they are always known and experienced subjectively. We play an active role in constructing, making, and enacting our realities.

Whether we know it or not, we have the potential to make and transform ourselves and our world through individual and collective enactments that can “realize” new images, ideas, and worldviews. 

The fishbowl, as an approach to understanding social reality and as an approach to change, belongs to the social constructionist school of thought. It is underpinned by the idea that our awareness and knowledge have an unfolding transformative potential and the images and ideas we hold of ourselves and our world fundamentally impact how our realities unfold.

While this may be true in principle, the deep structure of power relations we witness in Strictly Ballroom is shaped by deeply ingrained assumptions and discourses, where particular groups and individuals have much greater power than others to shape the infrastructure of what one can do. 

Sanjiv

EXTERNAL, CONTEXT, MEDIATE, IMPLICIT, KNOWLEDGE, CONSTRUCT, MAKE, ENACT, POTENTIAL, REALIZE

from the fishbowl...

kaitlynirons

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 9:59 am

Contact: Contact kaitlynirons

Re: Assignments

Post by kaitlynirons » Mon Feb 10, 2025 4:55 pm

Strictly Ballroom

Scott: "Look, a beginner has no right to approach an Open Amateur."

Fran: "Yeah, well an Open Amateur has no right to dance non-Federation steps, but you did, didn't you?"

Scott: "But that's different."

Fran: "How is it different? You're just like the rest of them! You think you're different, but you're not, because you're just, you're just really scared! You're really scared to give someone new a go, because you think, you know, they might just be better than you are! Well, you're just pathetic, and you're gutless. You're a gutless wonder! Vivir con miedo, es como vivir a medias!"

This exchange highlights how social constructs (e.g., the rules of the dance federation) dictate behavior, limiting individual growth. Fran challenges Scott to confront his fears, calling out his attachment to conformity and encouraging him to embrace a different path. Social Constructivism emphasizes the importance of breaking free from these norms in order to learn and grow authentically.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/9/2025 14:38:16
Subject: genesis of the fishbowl
------------------------------------------------------------
THE DEPTH

		OF AN EXAMINED RELATIONSHIP 

		

		IS MATCHED

		BY THE EXPANSE

		OF UNDERSTANDING AND FEELING:

Management Passion in the New Millennium

Presentation 

by matt & sanjiv, 

of matt & sanjiv, 

for matt & sanjiv.

 	 

 	Copyright, Letters To Matt, @dugal, 1999

Prologue

Midway, this way of life we’re bound upon

I woke to find myself in a dark wood,

Where the right road was wholly lost and gone.

Aye me, how hard to speak of it,

The rude and rough and stubborn forest,

The mere breath of memory stirs the old fear in the blood.

But when, at last, I stood beneath a steep hillside,

Which closed the valley’s wandering maze,

Whose dread had pierced me to the heart root deep.

Then I looked up and saw the morning rays

Mantle its shoulder from that planet bright

Which guides men’s feet aright

On all their ways.

		(from “Divina Commedia” by Dante Alighieri)

	

		 IN THE FISH-BOWL

Creating this fish-bowl is a performative act. It is a gesture for the continuation of a story... we’re writing as we go along… we do not know where it will lead, nor where it will end…but we know this for sure, it exists in our heads.

		

This is the story of two characters, matt and sanjiv, and the narrative unfolds in new england, at a small university near the ocean…where they’re swimming in a mental fish-bowl, combining Western sensibilities with Eastern ideas…in tryst with purpose, but shunning all direction, except an inner pressure to radicalize. One Viking, the other Sikh, they progress from liberating ego structures, through deeply bled wounds onto downward spirals of hatred and feelings of isolation, and then returning with renewed joy of understanding, forgiveness, and anticipation. Bringing a surging heritage (of bravery in battle) in their bloods, their forays range from existential arguments, to sudden affectionate détentes, and finally onto other arguments. Their relationship mirrors the profound changes in their lifestyles, in their conceptions of work, and of themselves. Determined to move away from conventional categories (of the division between self and other, of the representation of individuality, of established academic standards) in order to reflect a vision of themselves that transcends these boundaries in a new way. The two characters have an odd volatile nature to their wooing…their interactions end suddenly, and generally with puzzled amusement. They improvise, fabricate, and talk about dimensions and chemistry between people… at times their minds almost meet on the same page, until one makes a tiny faux pas that the other sees as shattering…they’re able to maintain this fragility by improvising from moment to moment. That is, they allow themselves to let their personalities and moods influence their performance but not alter the words or circumstances of the scene they enact in their minds…they really have very different ways of thinking, but are able to pass the ball back and forth easily, making for spontaneous fun.

So how do they do this in the fish-bowl? Like their characters, matt and sanjiv can’t agree. “The more I do it,” sanjiv said, “ the more I realize the character is me.” For matt, “it’s a matter of stripping down my defense mechanisms to being that vulnerable again.” Sanjiv countered: “I think for me it’s more building on top of me. I think.”

This interaction ended suddenly, as many interactions between matt and sanjiv, with puzzled bemusement.

Creating a Concept: the Fish-bowl

Instead of the idea of a relationship (like, teacher/student), attached to a real place (like, College of Business at URI), we created the idea of a place, attached to real people, namely, matt-and-sanjiv-in-a-fish-bowl. In this imaginary place, the Fish-bowl, with extraordinary patience and power, through words, we agreed to project awareness and unity of self as the principle theme. 

The Fish-bowl is a meeting place of the mind; it is a metaphysical place. There is no hiding here for matt-sanjiv because they’re simultaneously, observers and observed. 	

It cannot be assumed that the Fish-bowl is a determined, ordered system intelligible to the outsider who can discover the natural laws that govern matt-sanjiv, or that the role of reason is the power guiding matt-sanjiv.

Rationally and empirically, the Fish-bowl has no significance. It can only be seen in terms of the impact that the matt-sanjiv experience will make on its existence.

			

		2.20.99

My Dear Siddharatha,

During our period of estrangement, our inward journey was around doubts as to “who I am” and, “what I stand for,” i.e. who is the authentic self? Am I this, or, am I that? 

Through thought alone, one transcends a situation (of this/that), and thus we transcended our 

situation, comprising of hurt and feelings of insult, by conceiving the fish-bowl. However, to act upon thought, (beginning with the memo allocating matt’s assistantship to sanjiv), is a contingent act… to survive, to live, to be represented. Our contingent act was a gesture demarcating matt-sanjiv representation. Gesture demarcates, and so we conceive of ourselves…

				

The fish-bowl is

 			a contingent act 

a gesture 

 			to exist. 

The betrayal 

of ideas 

is a death 

to being. 

To open one’s mind 

and one’s mental routine 

to the world

is to open one’s heart.

From, 

your very dear friend, Hermann Hesse.

Our Intent: to Play a Unique Role

Our intent is to play a unique role in education: to gain intellect not through verbal discourse per se but through presentation of thought and action; not through involvement with people in an outside world but in a Way Within or an Inward Way that presents world as inner landscape, and so carry out in practice our theme of awareness and unity of self.

Fear of Expressing Feelings

We do not always express Feelings because they’re often Confused, and even Frightening. However, to deny Feelings is to make false, restricted work. To be inauthentic and fake.

In the fish bowl we’re learning to touch Feelings. We touch through expression, i.e. expressing conceptions and perceptions of things, including each other. Particularly, differences like viking/sikh, west/east, physical/ mental, student/teacher,love/hate, and other such dimensions. 

We touch Feelings under public gaze. We have a need to go public with every thing that we say or do.

We’re developing a need to write.

Management Principle 1: Conceiving Ambiguity, Creating Possibility

Ambiguous space is nonhierarchical, horizontal. Its nodes intersect in random, unregulated networks in which any node can interconnect with any other node. We create a new form of rhizomatic knowledge by mixing metaphors. Rhizome is a complex metaphor that contrasts with rooted, 

traditional metaphors, such as, teacher/student. In the fish-bowl, matt-and-sanjiv celebrate their nomadic and schizophrenic qualities. 

We’re motivated to do this because to conceive of ambiguity is to create possibility, and the stronger the ambiguity, the greater is our creativity, and the more powerful our felt-experience.

In the fish-bowl, we’ve created an ambiguious relationship between ourselves: 

we’ve fulfilled all formal requirements (papers, etc.), yet we’re inconclusive about them (grades, etc.); 

we’re not involved in each others research, yet our interaction is research; 

matt is paid fifteen hours/week to assist sanjiv, yet it is sanjiv who assists matt.

The ambiguity in our relationship creates possibility because it allows us to be anything we want. This freedom makes us examine each other in ways we hadn’t been able to see before.

				

Management Principle 2: Creating Myth

The “fish-bowl” is an example of creating a myth. Myth is created inter-subjectively between matt and sanjiv.

“Myth (of matt-sanjiv-in-a-fish-bowl) is a system of communication, it is a message. It is a mode of signification, a form. We assign to this form historical limits, conditions of use, and reintroduce community into it: we must nevertheless first describe it as a form.” (roland barthes)

We use our imagination to describe our form of myth.

The matt-sanjiv form is diasporic ambiguity.

The college of business at URI is percieving and experiencing it.

	Management Principle 3: Create Myth/Intersubjectivity/Intertextuality

Intersubjectivity helps matt-sanjiv to see that most human experience and action goes on between the self and others.

Myth creates Inter-subjectivity; and Inter-subjectivity creates Myth. However, in the fish-bowl the notion of Intertextuality replaces that of Intersubjectivity. “Every text is constructed as a mosaic of other texts, every text is an absorbtion and transformation of other texts” (julia kristeva). Through their intersubjectivity and intertextuality, around the texts of T.E. Lawrence (Lawrence of Arabia), Rainer Rilke (German poet), and Thomas Becket (Archbishop of Canterbury), among others, matt-sanjiv create the myth of the fish-bowl. 

					2.19.99

Dear Matt,

Thank you for expressing feelings so eloquently through the mouth of Mr. Kappus. 

You are Mr. Kappus. 

When reading our exchange of letters, it is evident that one’s authentic self is indeed problematic in a situation where one can be anything one wants. 

		 			We can be friends forever.

Between ourselves: Mr. Kappus, T.E Lawrence, the English, Rilke, Sartre, Hesse, the German, Eriksen, Viking, Siddharatha, Buddha, the Indian, Eakins, the American, Dugal, Sikh, Baudelaire, the French, the West and the East, we’re creating an inter-textuality, an inter-subjectivity, and a shared memory. Indeed, we’re creating our context. We’re laying the foundation. 

Through this labyrinthe lies the inward journey of the subjective self. 

I find your words,“ Even when overcome by feelings of hate, I still knew that our relationship was a source of great knowledge and understanding” to be most telling of our universal condition, because the central problem is not an abstract one, but one of contingency: what we lack is certainty, confidence, sense of purpose to break paradoxical situations like feelings of hate/ and feelings of great understanding. That is, the more I hate, the more I understand, and the more I understand, the more I hate. 

			

If we had more access to our own past, to memory, to inter-textuality and inter-subjectivity, our sense of purpose would be immensely augmented. Hesse’s Steppenwolf expressed this sense of meaning due to re-possession of the past: 

“For moments together my heart stood still between delight and sorrow to find how rich was the gallery of my life, and how thronged the soul of the wretched steppenwolf with high eternal stars and constellations… the kernel of this life of mine was noble. It came of high descent and turned, not on trifles, but on the stars…”(Steppenwolf, Hesse).

From your friend, Sanjiv

Myth/Intersubjectivity/Intertextuality are Inter-connected. 

Inter-connectedness is the understanding that relations, connecting and opposing, exist. 

			Even lies are part of the truth.	

To be Inter-connected is To-Be-Aware-of-Other-Realities, 

i.e. to be aware of opposing myths, metaphors, dimensions, 

and their on-going interactive inter-subjectivities.

“matt-sanjiv-in-the-fish-bowl” are aware of the what, why, whom, and wherefrom concerning their myth.

					2.21.99

Dear Lief Erikson theViking,

One’s position within a relationship, like,Viking-Sikh, has to do with intersubjective interpretation, in other words, position is determined by our past (shared memory), our present (interpretation), and, our future (imagination). 

The activities representing the past, present, and future, are overlapping in the new millennium to the extent of becoming indistinguishable. We’re experiencing confusion, loss of control, etc. In such a situation, how do I determine my sense of self? 

To do so, I reveal a structure, or deconstruct one, or imaginatively construct one…here’s mine: “I was sent to these Arabs as a stranger, unable to think their thoughts or subscribe their beliefs, but charged by duty to lead them forward and to develop to the highest any movement of theirs profitable to England in her war. If I could not assume their character, I could atleast conceal my own, and pass among them without evident friction, neither a discord nor a critic but an unnoticed influence. Since I was their fellow I will not be their apologist or advocate. Today in my old garments, I could play the bystander, obedient to the sensibilities of our theatre…but it is more honest to record that these ideas and actions then passed naturally. What now looks wanton or sadic seemed in the field inevitable or just unimportant routine.” (T.E. Lawrence, Seven Pillars of Wisdom, 1926)

What is our intersubjective interpretation of the above text with regard to us, as Viking-Sikh? Here is a random list of specifics for us to address in the fish-bowl:

 1. locate the fear

 2. build history

 3. zoom in and out

 4. raise the stakes

 5. get specific

 6. explore the underside

Yours truly,

				

Sardar Bahadur Singh the Sikh

Management Principle 4: Experiencing Learning

In the fish-bowl the problem of Being takes precedence over that of Knowing (when acquiring a Ph.D. or anything else). 

“Being cannot be made a subject of objective enquiry; it is revealed to the individual by reflecting on his own unique concrete existence in time and space. Existence is basic: it is the fact of the individual’s presence and participation in a changing and potentially dangerous world. Each self-aware individual understands his own existence in terms of his experience of himself and of his situation. The self of which he is aware is a thinking being which has beliefs, hopes, fears, desires, the need to find a purpose, and a will that can determine his actions.” (sartre)

	Real and Unreal:

We are free to choose between authentic and fake as a form of existence. Freedom distinguishes between “authentic” and “inauthentic” forms of existence. 

In the fish-bowl we distinguish between authentic/fake on the basis of our endeavor to transcend a particular dimension or form. 

This endeavor is the matt-sanjiv form of Authenticity.

We are free to choose our reality.

	

Management Principle 5: Creating Reality as Representational Space

I can represent something (teacher), if you represent the other (student).

You can only represent something (youth), if I represent the other (mid-life).

in this dimension we are bound

Whenever we articulate other dimensions, other myths, other inter-subjectivites, other realities, other representational spaces, we ipso facto create a temporal and spatial disjunction. 

When we articulate the meaning of a new dimension, we experience temporal and spatial disjunction as representational space. 

	Matt & Sanjiv occupy several dimensions, but their spirits are free.

					Viking and Sikh

	

	Reality of Humility/Arrogance

Matt and Sanjiv are inter-connected on the following dimension:

Humility------------------------------------------ Arrogance

Our beings “connect and oppose in relation” to this dimension. 

It is one of several operating realities between us. 

The existence of humility in matt’s being is dependent upon the existence of arrogance in sanjiv’s being; 

and the existence of humility in sanjiv’s being is dependent upon the existence of arrogance in matt’s being.

 We’re hooked.

 		We can be anything we want. It’s all in our heads.

	

Our Method: the Interplay between Verbalized-Thought and Felt-Experience

In the fish-bowl, the interplay between our two distinct identities brought complexity and depth to our respective worlds. We interpreted text (and each-other), as we saw (perceived) and felt (experienced) it. Even as we respect another’s text, we brought our subjectivity to bear upon it. We infused the text with our individual being; not the other way round. The text did not infuse us. 

In other words, we used words as expressions of sensed-thought (felt-experience) rather than as verbalized-thought in promoting the idea of unity above the inner divisions between us. Our interpreted text reveals us and reflects on us.

Example of Verbalized-thought:

“That evening, I found that I had to untangle two different reactions, writing a description of the conversation and, carefully separated, an expression of my feelings as a member of another culture. Each person is calibrated by experience, almost like a measuring instrument for difference, so discomfort is informative and offers a starting point for new understanding. Indeed, what I had seen and heard would not have pushed me to reflection and generalization were it not for the urgency produced by the sense of difference.”

(Mary Catherine Bateson, Peripheral Visions, page 17)

Example of Felt-experience:

In the fish-bowl we found

we had to untangle two processes:

description of the script (between us), 

and carefully separated, 

expression of (our) feelings.

WORDS DESCRIBE, STEP BACK, FEELINGS EXPRESS

We experience difference through the expression of feelings.

Discomfort from difference is Information;

Information is a starting point for new Understanding.

		

EXPERIENCE DIFFERENCE THRU EXPRESSION

	(My) experence, 

Makes (me)

different (from you).

difference (from you)

Makes (me) 

experience (you).

 DIFFERENCE CREATES SOMETHING NEW

The urgency 

produced by our sense of difference

Forces us to 

Reflect and Transcend the situation.

From the above method, what we learned about ourselves and for the practice of management were the following:

Construct a text/written script

express feelings

expressing feelings makes for difference 

sense of difference produces urgency

 			urgency requires us to reflect, and to transcend

			the written text…

Principle activity: create a sense of difference to achieve unity above inner divisions.

It’ All In Our Heads

						Thank you

								Bye…for 

now.

Epilogue

Our revels now are ended,

These are actors, as I foretold you,

We’re all spirits, and are melted into air.

And like the baseless fabric of this vision,

The cloud capp’d towers, the gorgeous palaces,

The solemn temples, the great globe itself.

Yea all which it inherit shall dissolve,

And like this insubstantial pageant faded,

Leave not a rack behind.

We are such stuff, as dreams are made of,

And our little life is rounded,

With a sleep.

(from “The Tempest” by William Shakespeare)

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/9/2025 14:14:07
Subject: social constructivism (3)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

In Strictly Ballroom, I relate to Scott Hastings, and this was the role I played in the College and the University. And so, the Fishbowl was born among much bloodshed and devastation. Please see the attached document: "The Depth Of An Examined Relationship Is Matched By The Expanse of Understanding and Feeling: Management Passion In The New Millennium” By Matt & Sanjiv.

Now, I play the role of Scott’s father, Doug Hastings, but I will always love Tina Sparkle, and I believe Liz is a good egg and deserves to win, and I think everyone else in the film is out of it and doesn’t get it. And sometimes, it feels that they will prevail. 

In Strictly Ballroom (1992), social constructivism is evident in how the protagonists, particularly Scott Hastings and Fran, construct their realities based on their social interactions, cultural expectations, and personal agency within the rigid world of competitive ballroom dancing.

Scott Hastings: Breaking Free from Tradition

Scott begins the film deeply embedded in the social reality of the ballroom dancing world, where strict rules and traditional dance steps define success. His worldview is shaped by the Australian Dance Federation’s rigid expectations, his mother's obsession with winning, and the broader dance community’s belief that deviation from the norm leads to failure. However, as Scott interacts with Fran and her family, he gradually reconstructs his reality, realizing that self-expression and personal authenticity matter more than conformity. This shift directly challenges the socially constructed "truth" of the dance world.

Fran: Transforming from Outsider to Confident Dancer

Fran starts as an overlooked and ridiculed beginner at the bottom of the dance hierarchy. The constructivist lens shows how her initial reality is shaped by the social norms that define her as unworthy. However, as she asserts herself, learns to dance with Scott, and embraces her Spanish heritage, she reconstructs her self-image. Her father and grandmother introduce her to a different reality—one where dance is about passion, not rigid steps—further enabling her transformation.

Social Constructivism and the Dance Community

The ballroom dance community represents an example of a socially constructed reality that enforces norms through language, tradition, and power structures. Barry Fife, the head of the federation, embodies this construct, manipulating history to maintain control. However, Scott and Fran’s rebellion and their final triumphant dance dismantle these constructs, proving that reality is not fixed but socially negotiated.

Ultimately, Strictly Ballroom illustrates how reality is constructed through social interactions, power dynamics, and individual agency, aligning with social constructivist ideas. Scott and Fran redefine success and identity by challenging and reshaping the norms imposed on them.

Please see Carina Sylva’s work on the assignment on social constructivism. I thought she did what was expected and did it very well. She pulled out a phrase and interpreted it in terms of social constructivism, raising our awareness of reality, agency, and role play when we watch the film unfold.

Sanjiv

REALITY, AGENCY, ROLE, EXPECTATION, PLAY

from the fishbowl...

Carinasylva

Posts: 34

Joined: Tue Jan 21, 2025 8:05 pm

Contact: Contact Carinasylva

Re: Assignments

post by Carinasylva » Sat Feb 08, 2025 8:56 pm

Assignment #3- Social constructivism

Social constructivism- a theory of knowledge and learning that places a strong emphasis on how social interactions, cultural settings, and group projects influence how people perceive the world.

Phrases from Strictly Ballroom:

Scott-

“Maybe I'm just sick of dancing somebody else's steps all the time."

Scott becomes frustrated when he tries to follow conventional moves that are prescribed by superiors like Barry Fife and his dancing instructor, Les. The process of building knowledge and identity outside of the established conventions is reflected in his ambition to develop his own style.

Fran-

“If you kept it simpler and danced from the heart..."

Scott's belief that winning is everything is challenged by Fran, who argues that knowledge about dancing and success is constructed via authenticity and personal expression.

Shirley-

“I mean, we never imagined... that he would do such a thing in front of... Federation President Barry Fife."

Particularly in competitive settings like ballroom dancing, Shirley's worry about Scott's departure from socially acceptable standard.

Les-

“People who have passed on those steps... know more about dancing than you do!"

Les makes known how crucial it is to follow the standard ballroom dancing routines, demonstrating the powerful effect of experts and societal norms in forming an individual's identity.

Barry-

“Well, of course, you can dance any steps you like. That doesn't mean you'll... win."

Barry's commanding demeanor shows how success and failure are determined by social validation.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/3/2025 0:36:54
Subject: subjectivity of the other
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Please see Matthew Claps’ posting below.

'To recognize the existence of another subjectivity implies recognizing that it belongs to, and constitutes, a world of its own, which cannot be substituted for mine; that the subjectivity of the other is irreducible to my subjectivity.'

Luce Irigaray, in Sharing the World (p.1), writes, 'The self comprises all that belongs to a world of one’s own: the way in which the subject relates to itself, to the other, to the world, but also to the cultural environment in which this subject lives, an environment which takes part in our subjectivity and is too often confused with identity itself.'

According to Irigary (please Google), 'The world that we can share is always and still to be elaborated by us and between us starting from the perception and affirmation of what and who we are as humans here and now.’..

'Tell me how you think and feel,' she asked.

Sanjiv

SUBJECT, SUBJECTIVITY, COMPRISE, RECOGNIZE, RELATE, SHARE

from the fishbowl...

matthewclaps

Posts: 15

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2025 10:50 am

Contact: Contact matthewclaps

Felt Experiences

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Unread post by matthewclaps » Sun Feb 02, 2025 3:05 pm

In my communications class, I decided to use the concept of perceptual space for my presentation. I set up three scenarios: one simulating a professional conference setting, another resembling a casual coffee chat, and a third that felt like a formal interview. As I practiced my speech in each space, I noticed how my tone and body language changed. In the conference setting, I felt authoritative and confident; in the coffee chat, I was more relaxed and friendly; and in the formal interview, I focused on being articulate and persuasive. By the end of the exercise, I realized how different environments can influence communication styles and effectiveness.

subjectivity yet to be shared...

from the fishbowl

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/2/2025 17:45:40
Subject: our common wealth
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

The ‘common’ is a crucial concept (word, image, symbol, metaphor) to understand the ethos of the fishbowl. We consider the ‘common’ as a form of shared wealth that includes not only natural resources (like air, water, and land) but also social and cultural resources (such as knowledge, communication, and affective labor).

In the fishbowl, we highlight the role of immaterial labor (intellectual, communicative, and affective) in the production of the social. This form of labor (please Google “immaterial labor” and Maurizio Lazzarato ) creates knowledge, relationships, and networks that we share and post in the fishbowl’s ‘common’ space. Please see Mike Conti’s post on anthropo-technics below.

We are a diverse and networked collective of singular individuals who can self-organize and manage their ‘common’ outside of hierarchical control. We are the “multitude." 

We advocate new mental structures that enable self-management of shared resources. Please Google Commonwealth by Michael Hardt and Antonio Negri.

In essence, the fishbowl rethinks the way to prioritize collective care and maintain one’s autonomy.

Sanjiv

COMMON, WEALTH, ETHOS, SOCIAL, MULTITUDE, SINGULAR, AUTONOMY, COLLECTIVE, COOPERATIVE, SHARE, RESOURCE, NETWORK 

from the fishbowl…

mikeconti

Posts: 24

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2025 8:20 am

Contact: Contact mikeconti

Re: Felt Experiences

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by mikeconti » Fri Jan 31, 2025 6:33 pm

1/31/25

When I first started learning to cook, I was terrible. I burned pancakes and undercooked pasta and set off the smoke alarm more times than I’d like to admit. But something about it fascinated me—how simple ingredients could be transformed into something completely new. So I practiced. I watched my parents, read recipes, and experimented in the kitchen. At first, I was just following instructions, but over time, I started to transcend the recipes, adjusting flavors intuitively. Cooking became more than just a skill—it was a way to express creativity and bring people together. Looking back, I realize I wasn’t just learning to cook; I was shaping myself, building patience, precision, and confidence. It was my own form of anthropo-technics, a daily practice that slowly transformed me.

Top

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/31/2025 23:11:55
Subject: Life of Practice: Peter Sloterdijk
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

There is something quite profound that is taking on increasing significance in the present day, according to Peter Sloterdijk: 

the human as a practicing being, one that creates itself through exercises and thereby transcends itself. 

Those of us who engage expressly in practice embody the mode of existence most clearly of farmers, workers, warriors, writers, students, yogis, rhetoricians, musicians, technicians, competitive sports, and carpenters. 

By sharing our practices and peak performances in the fishbowl, we offer a panorama of postings necessary to be and remain human beings.

By anthropo-technics, Peter Sloterdijk (please Google) means a labor that is self-shaping and cultivates a repeated practice or set of habits as a way to transform or transfigure the human condition. It is not about completing deadlines for assignments but setting up learning practices, leading "a life of practice."

Please see Brandon Velasquez’ practice below.

“Forging ahead in vigilance," she said.

Sanjiv

PRACTICE, TRANSCEND, TRANSFORM, TRANSFIGURE, HUMAN, CONDITION

from the fishbowl...

brandonvelasquez

Posts: 20

Joined: Thu Jan 23, 2025 12:14 pm

Contact: Contact brandonvelasquez

Vocabulary

Post by brandonvelasquez » Fri Jan 24, 2025 5:58 pm

This is my vocabulary thread

brandonvelasquez

Posts: 20

Joined: Thu Jan 23, 2025 12:14 pm

Contact: Contact brandonvelasquez

Letter 1 Vocabulary

Post by brandonvelasquez » Fri Jan 24, 2025 6:15 pm

Vocabulary Words: PERCEPTUAL, SPACE, READING, WATCHING, COMPREHEND

PERCEPTUAL:

Definition: Relating to the process by which individuals interpret sensory input from the environment to form meaningful experiences. This can include recognizing shapes, sounds, textures, or patterns.

My Takeaway: When looking into this word and seeing its meaning I learned how essentially it is how we use our senses to interpret and understand the world around us. It's quite fascinating once you give it some thought because it shows how our perception shapes our reality, influencing how we respond to the world.

SPACE

Definition: Refers to a physical or conceptual expanse that can be empty or occupied, used or unused. It includes physical dimensions like the universe or a room and abstract ideas like personal or emotional space.

My Takeaway: it is a word we will commonly use but fundamentally "space" can mean so much, such as opportunity and boundaries, all of which are necessary for growth.

READING

Definition: The cognitive process of decoding written or printed symbols to derive meaning. This involves understanding language, interpreting context, analyzing intent, and sometimes predicting outcomes, making it an essential skill for communication and learning.

My Takeaway: Reading in some parts of the world still is a luxury. We take it for granted sometimes, but it is such a privilege as it is the gateway to all knowledge. All of which offer insight into information, developing us one word at a time.

WATCHING

Definition: The act of paying close attention to something or someone, often with the intent to learn, observe behaviors, or enjoy an experience. Watching can also imply being alert and aware, such as monitoring for danger or opportunities.

My Takeaway: watching shapes awareness and allows us to absorb details we might otherwise miss.

COMPREHEND

Definition: To fully understand and integrate the meaning of information, often requiring critical thinking, connecting ideas, and applying learned concepts to new contexts. It involves going beyond surface-level understanding to grasp the essence of something.

My Takeaway: Really what comprehension is, is the bridge between knowing and applying, empowering us to take action on what we learn.

Last edited by brandonvelasquez on Wed Jan 29, 2025 11:10 am, edited 1 time in total.

Letter 2 Vocabulary

Post by brandonvelasquez » Mon Jan 27, 2025 11:09 am

Words: STRUCTURE, RIGID, FLEXIBLE, FRAME, MIND, MENTAL, LEARNING, ENVIRONMENT, JOURNEY, DESTINY, HARBINGER

1) STRUCTURE

A framework that organizes and gives shape to things within a system. It acts as both a boundary and a foundation, providing order in the chaos. In the fishbowl, it symbolizes the intentional design of shared space and purpose.

2) RIGID

Unyielding and inflexible, often resistant to change or adaptation. While it provides stability, it may prevent growth when applied excessively. Think of rigid ideas as walls within the structure of the mind, necessary yet limiting.

3) FLEXIBLE

The opposite of rigid, flexible implies adaptability and openness. It is the ability to bend without breaking, essential for navigating perceptual and mental spaces. A flexible structure invites innovation and new perspectives.

4) FRAME

A boundary or lens through which we view and interpret the world. Frames shape our perceptions, defining what we see as well as what remains unseen. The fishbowl itself can be viewed as a frame for intellectual and emotional exploration.

5) MIND

The nexus of thought, emotion, and perception is a boundless perceptual space. The mind is both a creator of frames and a traveler within them, constantly interpreting its environment.

6) MENTAL

Relating to the processes of the mind, encompassing thoughts, beliefs, and perceptions. A mental state is the interplay of internal and external influences within the frame of one's consciousness.

7) LEARNING

The dynamic process of acquiring knowledge and understanding, often through the dismantling of rigid structures and the building of flexible frames. Learning is a journey, not just toward information but also toward deeper self awareness.

8) ENVIRONMENT

The surrounding space physical, social, or perceptual that influences our experiences and frames our thinking. The fishbowl is an example of a constructed environment that shapes the mental journey.

9) JOURNEY

A path of growth, discovery, and transformation. In this context, the journey is less about reaching a destination and more about experiencing the process of learning and reflection.

10) DESTINY

A culmination of choices, framed by internal desires and external influences. It suggests a preordained path yet allows for flexibility within the structure of existence.

11) HARBINGER

A sign or messenger that precedes and signals change or transformation. A harbinger can be an event, a thought, or a realization that shifts the direction of a journey

Last edited by brandonvelasquez on Wed Jan 29, 2025 11:10 am, edited 1 time in total.

Letter 3 Vocabulary

Post by brandonvelasquez » Mon Jan 27, 2025 11:14 am

Words: EPHEMERAL, ETHEREAL, LEGENDARY, TRUE, LIFE

1)EPHEMERAL

Transient and fleeting, existing only for a moment before fading away. Ephemeral experiences remind us of the temporary aspect of life and the beauty of the present, like ripples in the fishbowl's water.

2)ETHEREAL

Delicate and otherworldly, seeming to transcend the material plane. Ethereal qualities are often intangible, evoking a sense of wonder and mystery. It is the essence of something beyond comprehension yet deeply felt.

3)LEGENDARY

Rooted in myth or history, legendary refers to something extraordinary and timeless. It transcends ordinary existence, becoming a beacon of inspiration, much like a harbinger for those on a journey of self-discovery.

4)TRUE

In alignment with reality or authenticity, true reflects the essence of honesty and integrity. It is not just about factual correctness but also about being genuine and faithful to one’s path.

5)LIFE

A boundless journey of growth, perception, and transformation. Life intertwines the ephemeral and the eternal, the rigid and the flexible, creating a dynamic interplay of structure and freedom.

Last edited by brandonvelasquez on Wed Jan 29, 2025 11:10 am, edited 1 time in total.

Letter 4 Vocabulary

Post by brandonvelasquez » Tue Jan 28, 2025 10:16 am

Words: SINGULAR, CREATE, ASSIGNMENT, METAPHOR, ORIGIN, IMAGE, NAME

1) SINGULAR

A unique, one-of-a-kind essence or perspective. In the fishbowl, each of us and our singular viewpoints enrich the collective exploration of ideas we seek.

2)CREATE

The act of bringing forth something new or original into being. This process fuses imagination with intention, giving thought shape in the shared learning space.

3)ASSIGNMENT

A purposeful task or quest meant to guide discovery and growth. In this course, each assignment serves as a stepping stone toward a deeper understanding of ourselves and topics.

4)METAPHOR

A figurative expression connecting two seemingly unrelated concepts, shedding light on hidden parallels. Metaphors invite us to see beyond the literal and enrich our perceptual space. It is a creative outlet and we as individuals tend to use it colloquially to bring out our creative sides.

5)ORIGIN

The beginning or source from which something emerges, often revealing clues to its deeper nature. Reflecting on origin helps us trace the roots of our ideas and experiences.

6)IMAGE

A visual or mental representation that captures and conveys meaning. Images can spark insight, bridging abstract concepts and tangible reality.

7)NAME

A label that confers identity, shaping how we perceive and engage with a person or concept. Names carry history, intention, and the power to define our relationship with the world.

Letter 5 Vocabulary

Post by brandonvelasquez » Wed Jan 29, 2025 11:37 am

Words: BESTOW, IDENTIFY, SORT, SIFT, SELECT, SUBSTITUTE, INCARNATE, MATERIAL, SPIRIT, SYMBOL, SYMBOLIC, SYMBOLIZE

1)BESTOW

To give or grant something as a gift or honor. To bestow is intentionally transferring meaning, value, or responsibility onto another through knowledge, recognition, or legacy.

2)IDENTIFY

To recognize or distinguish something based on its unique characteristics. To identify is not just to name, but to understand the deeper essence of what something is and how it fits within a larger framework.

3)SORT

To categorize or arrange based on shared qualities. Sorting is the first step toward bringing order to chaos and finding patterns among the things that appear unrelated.

4)SIFT

To filter through or examine carefully to separate what is essential from what is not. Sifting is a process of refinement, revealing what holds the most meaning or truth.

5)SELECT

To choose with intention, distinguishing one thing from another based on value, relevance, or purpose. Selection is an act of shaping the path forward by defining what stays and what is left behind.

6)SUBSTITUTE

To replace one thing with another, often to serve the same function but in a different form. A substitute carries the paradox of being both different and similar, holding similarities of the original while existing as something new.

7)INCARNATE

To embody something in a physical or tangible form. Incarnation transforms the abstract into reality, making ideas, beliefs, or emotions take on a living presence. I speak Spanish in addition to English and

8)MATERIAL

The substance from which something is made, whether physical or conceptual. The material represents both the foundation and the limitation of what is available to be shaped while being bound by its nature.

9)SPIRIT

The unseen force of energy, identity, or essence that gives life meaning beyond the physical. Spirit moves through symbols, actions, and emotions, shaping perception and purpose.

10)SYMBOL

A sign, object, or action that represents something beyond itself. Symbols carry layers of meaning, bringing the material and the abstract together, the seen and the unseen.

11)SYMBOLIC

Something that holds significance beyond its literal existence. Symbolic gestures, words, or images convey deeper truths, shaping the way we interpret and interact with the world.

12)SYMBOLIZE

The act of representing an idea, belief, or concept through a symbol. To symbolize is to give meaning beyond the obvious, creating a connection between form and idea, the tangible and the intangible.

Letter 6 Vocabulary

Post by brandonvelasquez » Fri Jan 31, 2025 12:44 pm

1)SEARCH

The act of seeking something unknown or hidden, whether knowledge, meaning, or truth. A search is more than just looking rather it is an intentional journey of discovery, guided by curiosity and the desire to understand.

2)SUBSTITUTE

To replace one thing with another, often filling the same role but with different aspects. Substituting can be an act of adaptation, where something new takes the place of what once was, reshaping perception and experience.

3)DESCRIBE

To articulate or express the nature of something through words or images. To describe is not just to list facts, but to capture the essence of what is being observed, translating it into meaning.

4)FEELING

A sensory or emotional response to an experience, often intangible yet deeply impactful. Feelings bridge the gap between the mind and the heart, shaping perception and memory in ways that words often cannot fully capture.

5)EXPERIENCE

The process of encountering and engaging with the world, forming knowledge and emotion through direct interaction. Experience is both the journey and the lesson, shaping identity and understanding over time.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/29/2025 12:44:21
Subject: we are incarnated beings
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

We are bestowed a name, a word, an image at the beginnng, upon birth. We are henceforth identified with its meanng. Sorting, sifting, selecting and substituting this given word charters the trajectories of our lives, Please see Aidan Sullivan’s reflection below and an image..

"With just one word," she asked incredulously.

 

As humans we are incarnated beings and we live symbolic lives. The true nature of any symbol (which has a word) is that it is both material and spiritual, concrete reality conveying an unseen truth. The word lion for example symbolizes strength, just as the word snake symbolizes cunning and the dove peace.

"Concrete reality conveying as unseen truth," I like that he declared.

Symbols are a constant requirement of human nature, which is made up of both a soul and a body. They allow us to pass from the one to the other by means of an image or of a text. The role of the “symbolic” is, then, to bring together and to unify, wheras the “diabolic” sparates.

Sanjiv

BESTOW, IDENTIFY, SORT, SIFT, SELECT, SUBSTITUTE, INCARNATE, MATERIAL, SPIRIT, SYMBOL, SYMBOLIC, SYMBOLIZE

from the fishbowl...

aidansullivan

Posts: 122

Joined: Mon Sep 09, 2024 12:03 pm

Contact: Contact aidansullivan

Assignments

Post by aidansullivan » Tue Jan 28, 2025 7:11 pm

My name (Aidan) means "little fire" and is said to be of Irish and Gaelic origin. The name Aidan is also said to be a modern version of the traditional Irish name of Aodhán. My parents named me Aidan because they liked it and said it wasn't a popular name back then. When growing up, It wasn't that I didn't like my name but I had thought there were cooler names that I wanted. For example, when I was younger I really liked the name Jacoby because I thought that it sounded cool and it was the name of my favorite baseball player Jacoby Ellsbury. Nowadays I wouldn't want another name other than Aidan and I definitely would never change it. I like my name but I disagree with the fact that my name wasn't popular back then. I know a bunch of Aidan's and are friends with many of them. In my opinion it is actually a very popular name for people around my age group and I'm sure it has gotten even more popular among younger people. This semester alone I have a couple classes with people who have the same name. I would say that I have lived up to my name for the most part because "little fire" relates to a ball of fire which means someone who is enthusiastic, driven and full of energy. I'd say that explains me pretty well because I'm very outgoing once I get to know someone and I am also driven because I don't quit and I try my best with things that I do. It's actually ironic because we were told by doctors when I was born that I wasn't going to be a ball of fire due to many complications I experienced at birth. I went on to prove them wrong and do the things I was told I would never be able to do. What the name means to me is that it means to be bright, energetic, and calming. Brightness and calmness are traits of a fire so that ties into my name well.

On Jan 29, 2025, at 7:36 AM, Sanjiv Dugal <sanjivdugal@gmail.com> wrote:

Sent from my iPhone

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/6/2024 22:15:39
Subject: coproducing integrated life-worlds
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

The fishbowl was like a language game through which you engaged, understood and experienced a reality, shaping it through the constructs, actions, and processes embedded in the game.

Your fishbowl presents a view of a network society and a global culture with practice in mind.

Your practice provides reflections on key ideas shaping the social construction of reality. 

The everyday world, while concrete, real, and ordered on the surface, is underpinned by more complex structures and forces beyond the reach of traditional explanations. Your practice of looking at words as representational forms, metaphors, and symbols began your search for hidden structures of things. Please see Maya Casagrande’s reflection on deep reading below.

Your postings showcase the relationship between language and reality. The early view, expressed in Wittgenstein’s (1922) “picture theory” of language, was that reality gives us language, that our words, images, and ideas are reflections of the world “out there.” The picture theory of meaning states that statements are meaningful if, and only if, they can be defined or pictured in the real world.

The newer view reverses this, suggesting that words, images, and ideas are not neutral reflections of reality. They are the means through which we make our reality. 

You did that in your fishbowl by sorting, sifting, selecting, and substituting words, metaphors, and symbols. Please bear this in mind.

Like many luminaries before you, you have shown that there are no sharp distinctions between subjective and objective worlds and that we are part of an integrated life-world through which our realities are coproduced.

"We will always have the Fishbowl," she waved as she boarded the plane.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

Maya_casagrande4

Posts: 120

Joined: Sat Sep 07, 2024 1:03 pm

Contact: Contact Maya_casagrande4

Re: Google Searches

post by Maya_casagrande4 » Fri Dec 06, 2024 2:10 pm

Deep reading refers to a focused, immersive, and analytical approach to reading, typically associated with reading complex or meaningful texts like literature, philosophy, or scientific writing. Deep reading engages higher-level cognitive processes, fostering understanding, empathy, and critical thinking. It builds critical thinking and comprehension skills. Saying that we live in a textual world is to emphasize the pervasive role of text, language, and symbolic systems in shaping understanding, communication, and interactions.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/4/2024 23:58:10
Subject: theory/experience and doing the final
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well. We are living in crucial times of uncertainty and volatility. I want you to know that your grade is assured in the course, and you are doing better than you think and will realize in time. 

The bottom line is vocabulary which earns you a B.

The fishbowl will close for evaluation on 12/11 at mid-night.

Your final is about 

1. the four characteristics of successful global organizations and how these characteristics relate to your experience in the fishbowl.

2. The four dimensions of Hofstede, which are to be related to the films you have watched over the semester.

Please see my letter below explaining the final, and you will post it in the fishbowl. 

 

Work on your process and share it.

What do I mean by that? 

How do you ‘know' what you are saying is the question.

You know what you are saying from your experience in the fishbowl and from the movies you watched.

You are relating theory (definitions) to your experience.

Immerse yourself in words by generating them. 

How so? 

By repeatedly raising the question, what did you mean by that?

Love dictionaries, she declared.

It really starts with Two. 

Reduce whatever you are reading, be it a definition or an explanation, down to two words. 

The essence and the core. 

You are the creator of your own destiny!

Two words relating to each other in a dichotomy. The Other. 

From two self-selected words, you form a structure of words.

How so?

You do this by looking up the meaning of the two words and create a word-pool.

From the world-pool, create a sentence (structure) that resonates with you.

What do I mean by that?

A sentence which you can expand into a felt-experience from your fishbowl and when watching the movies.

You are linking theory and felt experience.

This is how we beat AI, she whispered in my ear.

About the Abstract, you don’t have to do anything. It describes us in the fishbowl. Etched in digital space forever! I will submit it tomorrow. I added a couple of more names to the list. We are part of a process of knowledge-making. We are taking ownership of our words and building cultural capital.

Sanjiv

THEORY, RELATE EXPERIENCE: Please Google Luce Irigaray, Two Be Two.

from the fishbowl...

sanjivdugal

final assignment due Dec.11 at 5 pm on the dot

Post by sanjivdugal » Mon Dec 02, 2024 3:08 pm

Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

The final assignment is to be posted not before the last day of classes (December 11 at 5 pm on the dot):

You are showing your skill in deconstructing and decoding text.

You are show-casing 'sorting, sifting, selecting, and substituting' at each step.

Your process is the product, so don’t delete any of it.

There are two parts:

I. Characteristics of a successful global business.

II. Application of Hofstede’s international dimensions of cultural difference.

Those working toward an A are encouraged to complete parts I and II..

The assignment does not take long.

You are given specific steps below. You are already familiar with them.

Follow the KISS principle.

When making choices, you are sharing your process, i.e., your thought trajectory. Show all editing, re-writing and re-doing.

I am not looking for a perfect outcome but to understand your thought process.

Part I.

In their book Managing Across Borders, Chris Bartlett of Harvard Business School and Sumantra Ghoshal of INSEAD (please Google) assert that businesses operating worldwide must become transnational corporations to succeed. This organization has the following characteristics:

* An integrated networking structure.

* Dynamic decision-making.

* Adaptive coordination mechanisms.

* Unique innovation capabilities.

Step I: deconstruct and decode each word in the above characteristic(s). Tip: use a dictionary and thesaurus.

Step 2. Assemble the word pool created in step 1 above and reduce it to One sentence structure that best explains the characteristic(s).

Step 3. Use an example and give specific evidence from your experience in the fishbowl that “fits” the sentence structure(s) above. One paragraph.

The purpose of completing this assignment is to realize that you have been displaying the same characteristics as a successful global business in the fishbowl.

Part II.

The most widely known research that attempts to compare national cultures in terms of broad value differences is the pioneering work of Geert Hofstede.

Hofstede identified four dimensions of work-related value differences. Please Google.

These are power distance, uncertainty avoidance, individualism/colectivism, and masculinity/femininity.

Step 1. Please reduce each dimension to One sentence. Please google Hofstede’s dimensions and proceed from there.

Step 2. From any of the films that you have seen in the course, please explain one event, or incident, or conversation that explains each of the dimensions.

The purpose of completing the assignment is to realize that differences in value structures have to be navigated and negotiated.

The date for posting the final is the last day of classes on December 11 at 5 pm. Not before.

Thank you.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/4/2024 16:08:36
Subject: creating history as possibility
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Please see Ariana De Almeida’s postings...a tapestry, generative of ideas, forging 'social (word) relations, sustained by multiple interactive non-linear postings of individual thoughts, consciousness and actions.’ 

Please re-visit the Abstract and "read into” the Abstract in light of Ariana’s postings below.

So what does her potpourri of thoughts, images, and subjectivities have to do with anything?

In the fishbowl, Ariana empowers herself by creating ‘history as a possibility.’ That is the purpose of submitting the Abstract to INTED25. We are making history as a possibility.

Please Google Paulo Freire and Critical Pedagogy. Your fishbowl experience can be framed in those terms.

Sanjiv

READ INTO, CREATE, HISTORY, POT POURRI, EMPOWER, POSSIBILITY

from the fishbowl...

arianadealmeida

Posts: 143

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2024 5:00 pm

Contact: Contact arianadealmeida

Re: Google Search

Post by arianadealmeida » Tue Nov 12, 2024 9:16 pm

In 1980, G.H. Hofstede introduced a framework for understanding cultural differences through a set of dimensions. His research focused on identifying how workplace values are influenced by a particular nation's culture, highlighting key dimensions like individualism vs. collectivism, power distance, and uncertainty avoidance​.

Post by arianadealmeida » Tue Nov 12, 2024 9:17 pm

Kali is a powerful and complex goddess in Hinduism, revered as the embodiment of Shakti, the divine feminine energy responsible for creation, transformation, and destruction. She is often depicted with dark skin, disheveled hair, and a garland of skulls, symbolizing the destruction of the ego and the dissolution of the cycle of birth and death. Despite her fierce appearance, Kali is also seen as a compassionate mother and protector against evil forces. She is particularly worshipped in West Bengal during Kali Puja, where devotees offer prayers and rituals to seek her blessings for spiritual liberation and protection from negativity.

Post by arianadealmeida » Tue Nov 12, 2024 9:18 pm

Rabindranath Tagore (1861–1941) was a renowned Bengali poet, philosopher, and cultural icon who significantly contributed to literature, music, and education. He is most famous for his poetry, particularly his collection Gitanjali (Song Offerings), which earned him the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1913, making him the first non-European to win the award. Tagore’s work blended Indian and Western influences, focusing on themes of spirituality, nature, and humanity. In addition to his literary contributions, he composed over 2,000 songs, including the national anthems of both India and Bangladesh.

Tagore's ideas extended to educational reform, with his founding of Shantiniketan, an experimental school in rural India that later became Visva-Bharati University. His philosophical and political views, including his opposition to British colonial rule and criticism of India's caste system, contributed to the intellectual climate of his time. Tagore was also a champion of internationalism and cultural exchange, forging relationships with figures like Mahatma Gandhi, Albert Einstein, and W.B. Yeat

Post by arianadealmeida » Tue Nov 12, 2024 9:18 pm

An ethnographic community refers to a group of people that an ethnographer studies through long-term, immersive observation. Ethnographers engage with these communities to understand their behaviors, interactions, and cultural practices from an insider's perspective, often with the goal of uncovering underlying social structures or meanings. This approach allows researchers to gain insights into everyday life and community dynamics in a deep, nuanced way. Ethnographic communities are commonly studied in various contexts, such as urban settings, workplaces, or indigenous cultures, offering valuable perspectives on social norms, values, and practices

Post by arianadealmeida » Wed Nov 13, 2024 9:29 pm

The ethnographic method is a research approach where researchers immerse themselves in the culture or environment they are studying to gain an in-depth understanding of behaviors, social structures, and norms. This method focuses on direct observation and participation within the community, capturing detailed insights that reflect the perspectives of those involved. It's widely used in fields like anthropology and sociology to explore cultures and social dynamics in real-world settings

Post by arianadealmeida » Thu Nov 21, 2024 5:24 pm

Visual culture is the study of images, art, and visual media that we see in everyday life, like in advertisements, movies, social media, and even street art. It looks at how these images influence the way we think, feel, and interact with the world. It's about understanding the messages and meanings behind what we see around us.

Post by arianadealmeida » Thu Nov 21, 2024 5:26 pm

Postmodern theory is a way of thinking that challenges the idea that there’s one "correct" way to understand the world. It suggests that truth is often subjective and can be different for each person. Postmodernism often questions big ideas like authority, progress, and universal truths, emphasizing instead things like diversity, contradictions, and the idea that reality is shaped by culture and language. It's like saying, "What we see or know isn't always the whole story, and different perspectives matter."

Post by arianadealmeida » Thu Nov 21, 2024 5:27 pm

Stanley Fish's idea of an "interpretive community" suggests that the way we understand or interpret texts (like books, art, or even ideas) depends on the group or community we belong to. These communities share certain values, beliefs, and experiences, which influence how they make sense of things. For example, how a group of students reads a novel might be different from how a group of experts or scholars interprets it, because each group has its own perspective and background knowledge that shapes their understanding. In simple terms, Fish argues that meaning is not just found in the text itself but is shaped by the community that reads it.

post by arianadealmeida » Wed Dec 04, 2024 10:03 am

Mindful

Definition: Aware or conscious of something; paying close attention to the present moment in a focused, deliberate, and non-judgmental way.

Example: "She was mindful of her breathing as she meditated, letting go of all distractions."

post by arianadealmeida » Wed Dec 04, 2024 10:04 am

Egyptian Hieroglyphics:

A system of writing used by ancient Egyptians, consisting of pictures and symbols that represent words, sounds, or ideas.

Example: The symbol of an eagle might represent the word "eagle" or the sound "a," and the symbol of a reed might represent the sound "i."

post by arianadealmeida » Wed Dec 04, 2024 10:05 am

J. Krishnamurti:

Jiddu Krishnamurti (1895–1986) was an Indian philosopher, speaker, and writer, known for his teachings on psychological freedom, the nature of thought, and the importance of self-awareness. He rejected traditional religious and spiritual systems, advocating for a direct understanding of life through personal observation, without reliance on authority or external doctrines.

 post by arianadealmeida » Wed Dec 04, 2024 10:05 am

Judith Butler & Performativity:

Judith Butler’s concept of performativity argues that gender is not something inherent, but rather something that is created through repeated actions, behaviors, and language. In this view, gender identity is "performed" through daily actions, reinforcing social norms and expectations.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/3/2024 22:15:02
Subject: latest version of the abstract
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Below is the latest version of the abstract. 

Some fine-tuning added three names, please note, and one more reference. Please Google Judith Butler & Performativity.

"JUDITH BUTLER is influenced by Lacanian psychoanalysis, phenomenology (Edmund Husserl, Maurice Merleau-Ponty, George Herbert Mead, etc.), structural anthropologists (Claude Levì-Strauss, Victor Turner, Clifford Geertz, etc.) and speech-act theory (particularly the work of John Searle) in her understanding of the "performativity" of our identities. All of these theories explore the ways that social reality is not a given but is continually created as an illusion "through language, gesture, and all manner of symbolic social sign" ("Performative" 270).” 

We are phenomenologists, in case somebody asks, who are you, professionally speaking?

Sanjiv

PERFORMATIVITY, PHENOMENOLOGY

from the fishbowl...

PERFORMING AN ETHNOGRAPHIC COMMUNITY

S. Dugal1, G. DeLuca1, A. Fuentes1, N. Devasahayam1, V. Izquierdo1, C. Cytryn1, S. Krom1, K. Pinell1, M. Corbett1, A. Sullivan1, S. Gugliotta1, A. Sorenson1, S. Imbusch1, J. Heyder1, G. Younes1, C. Craven1, J. Kelsey1, E. Price1, S. Greenberg1, R. Ritacco1, M. Stacey1, A. Galifi1, E. Genther1, C. Newman1, K. Heath1, A. Ounkeo1, B. Kellogg1, S. Sudusky1, R. Singh2, S. Singh3, R. Singh4, A. De Almeida1, E. Miller1, G. Gentile1

1 University of Rhode Island (UNITED STATES)

2 Sommelier India (INDIA)

3 Sommelier India (UNITED STATES)

4 RLDesgn Studio (INDIA)

Introduction: The Fishbowl

We are 85 participants performing an ethnographic community focused on thinking about, doing, viewing, sharing, supporting, and critiquing our world in a digital fishbowl. We are a mass of autonomous labor and a multitude of productive singularities. The fishbowl is born of a new analysis of labor organization, wherein the value of one’s labor, like the value of our postings in the fishbowl, becomes the cognitive and immaterial product of creative action and escapes any valuation in objective terms. Our performance as an ethnographic community is not judged by formal criteria but by evoking dormant subjectivities. New social relations emerged from multiple interacting postings of individual thoughts, consciousness, and actions.

Purpose: Performativity and Performance

Ethnographers use methods like participant observation to explore the meanings and significance of performances from the performers’ perspectives. Performativity is the concept that language can function as a form of social action and have the effect of change. Our purpose is to examine our process and practices through the lens of performativity: the idea that identities, social relations, and cultural meanings are not fixed but are constantly being enacted and reproduced through performance.

Method: The Common and Living Labor

1. Responding to the text in letters sent two or three times a week, participants post in a digital fishbowl, a labor of Vocabulary, Google Searches, and Subjective experiences.

2. Participants assemble a ‘common’ source of resources: words, ideas, concepts, symbols, and images by deconstructing and decoding the given text twice or thrice a week as ‘living labor.’

3. Individuals navigate the unknown in the given text by observation and interpretation, one word at a time, and raising the question, "What did you mean by that?”

4. Participants develop habits like sorting, sifting, selecting, and substituting words, which are living practices and the site of creation and innovation.

Result: Singular Subjectivities and Higher Levels of Order

1. A fluid system of reflections emerged within the triad: Meaning of words, Searching for theory, and Subjective expressions.

2. The ethnographic community performance was an activity, not a result; it was an assemblage or an open continuity of subjective processes. Subjectivities were generated by the dynamism between the ‘common’ and ‘living labor’ that renewed itself reflexively and recursively in numerous expressions. In this spiral, each successive movement from subjectivity to the ‘common’ was an innovation that resulted in a richer reality.

3. New relations of words were the emergence of order from nonlinear relationships among multiple interacting thoughts, consciousness, and actions. A higher-level order spontaneously emerged from seemingly chaotic interactions at a lower level. Our paper presents our attempt at understanding our experience of this relational performance.

Bottom line: Participants performed an ethnographic community by sharing, comparing, and contrasting subjective processes.

References:

[1] Monika Kostera & Pawel Krzyworzeka, "How To Be An Ethnographer," 2023

[2] Antonio Negri, "The Porcelain Workshop, For a New Grammar of Politics," 2008

[3] Butler, Judith (1988). "Performative Acts and Gender Constitution: An Essay in Phenomenology and Feminist Theory". Theatre Journal. 40 (4): 520. Retrieved May 3, 2024

Keywords: PERFORMATIVITY, ETHNOGRAPHIC COMMUNITY, LIVING LABOR, SINGULAR, MULTITUDE, SUBJECTIVITY, PROCESS

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/3/2024 1:25:08
Subject: freedom of choice
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

The fishbowl is a site for forming 'identities, social relations, and cultural meanings.'

How so?

For an example, please look at the posting by Grace DeLuca below...

We see an engagement with words and the development of relations between them.

She is Immersed in text and focused on words.

Her choice of words is constructing an identity.

A point of view. A subjectivity in its nascent state.

The relation of words is creating a sociality in its mutant state.

And her values take on meaning and significance.

Her environment is at the point where it can be reinvented.

Grace DeLuca concludes, and I quote:

"This theory, along with its application in the Fishbowl, emphasizes the power of the mind and its internal ability to make sense of the world around it.” (Grace DeLuca, Fall, 2024)

Sanjiv

RELATION, CREATE, SOCIALITY, CONSTRUCT, IDENTITY, VALUE, SUBJECTIVITY, NASCENT, MUTANT, STATE

from the fishbowl...

gracedeluca

Posts: 117

Joined: Sat Sep 07, 2024 8:34 am

Contact: Contact gracedeluca

Re: Google Searches

Post by gracedeluca » Mon Dec 02, 2024 4:44 pm

J. Krishnamurti:

"The core of Krishnamurti's teaching is contained in the statement he made in 1929 when he said, 'Truth is a pathless land'. Man cannot come to it through any organization, any creed, dogma, priest, or ritual, not through any philosophical knowledge or psychological technique. He has to find it through the mirror of relationship, through the understanding of the contents of his own mind, through observation and not through intellectual analysis or introspective dissection.'" (J. Krishnamurti Online)

Truth - "the body of real things, events, and facts." (Merriam Webster)

Find - "to come upon often accidentally." (Merriam Webster)

Relationship - "the state of being related or interrelated." (Merriam Webster)

Understanding - "the power of comprehending." (Merriam Webster)

Observation - "an act or instance of observing a custom, rule, or law." (Merriam Webster)

Observation can help someone discover the truth of something. This, in turn, allows for understanding from which someone can, in term, establish a relationship.

Krishnamurti believed that truth cannot be found by traveling a set path. It can not be reached by reliance on organizations, prayers, religion, rituals, or theory. Instead, it is discovered when someone can understand their thoughts and establish a relationship between their observations. It does not require analysis or dissection. It is found internally.

Internal - inward, intrinsic, interior, innate, inherent

vs.

External - exterior, foreign, outward, extraneous

Krishnamurti's emphasis on looking within is similar to that of the Fishbowl, where the goal is to utilize one's thoughts, observations, and experiences to understand. This is an internal process where someone can establish relationships with the stimulus they observe and interpret. While external tools such as dictionary definitions and Google searches may provide a user with the information necessary for comprehension, they will never be able to ensure understanding. This theory, along with its application in the Fishbowl, emphasizes the power of the mind and its internal ability to make sense of the world around it.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/2/2024 20:08:31
Subject: final assignment due Dec.11 at 5 pm on the dot
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

The final assignment is to be posted not before the last day of classes (December 11 at 5 pm on the dot):

You are showing your skill in deconstructing and decoding text.

You are show-casing 'sorting, sifting, selecting, and substituting' at each step.

Your process is the product, so don’t delete any of it. 

There are two parts:

I. Characteristics of a successful global business.

II. Application of Hofstede’s international dimensions of cultural difference.

Those working toward an A are encouraged to complete parts I and II..

The assignment does not take long. 

You are given specific steps below. You are already familiar with them.

Follow the KISS principle. 

When making choices, you are sharing your process, i.e., your thought trajectory. Show all editing, re-writing and re-doing.

I am not looking for a perfect outcome but to understand your thought process.

Part I.

In their book Managing Across Borders, Chris Bartlett of Harvard Business School and Sumantra Ghoshal of INSEAD (please Google) assert that businesses operating worldwide must become transnational corporations to succeed. This organization has the following characteristics:

* An integrated networking structure.

* Dynamic decision-making.

* Adaptive coordination mechanisms.

* Unique innovation capabilities.

Step I: deconstruct and decode each word in the above characteristic(s). Tip: use a dictionary and thesaurus.

Step 2. Assemble the word pool created in step 1 above and reduce it to One sentence structure that best explains the characteristic(s).

Step 3. Use an example and give specific evidence from your experience in the fishbowl that “fits” the sentence structure(s) above. One paragraph.

The purpose of completing this assignment is to realize that you have been displaying the same characteristics as a successful global business in the fishbowl.

Part II.

The most widely known research that attempts to compare national cultures in terms of broad value differences is the pioneering work of Geert Hofstede.

Hofstede identified four dimensions of work-related value differences. Please Google. 

These are power distance, uncertainty avoidance, individualism/colectivism, and masculinity/femininity.

Step 1. Please reduce each dimension to One sentence. Please google Hofstede’s dimensions and proceed from there.

Step 2. From any of the films that you have seen in the course, please explain one event, or incident, or conversation that explains each of the dimensions.

The purpose of completing the assignment is to realize that differences in value structures have to be navigated and negotiated.

The date for posting the final is the last day of classes on December 11 at 5 pm. Not before.

Thank you.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/14/2024 14:59:48
Subject: active listening
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

We read words, but we must learn to listen to them, or why read them is a question worthy of considering.

Active listening requires listening attentively to a speaker, understanding what they're saying, responding and reflecting on what's being said, and retaining the information for later. This keeps both the listener and speaker actively engaged in the conversation.

Words are concepts, and here is how we listen to them and experience what is known as lived abstraction. 

Assignment example: 

Step 1: I pull out the following concepts from the sentence on Active Listening.

attentive

understand

respond

reflect

retain

active

engage

2. I randomly select the word/concept ‘attentive.’ I look up its definition. It is theoretical knowledge.

3. I juxtapose images of how Sam treats Suzy in the Moonrise Kingdom, and now, I visualize Sam growing up and being Todd sent to India, and how he speaks to Asha and Purro when he says, "Asha can do anything!” He could not have said that if he had not experienced another culture. When he returns home, he will be a different person when he responds to women.

4. In my experience, I had just got off my banana boat and was cooling my heels in the library at UMass, Amherst. I saw a young woman carrying many books and struggling to open the door. I jumped up to help her. She wasn’t pleased and made it known. This incident in 1980 with its image has remained with me since. I just realized what her objection was about. Hiromitsu in Japanese Story describes Sandy as 'loud, aggressive, and with a big bum,' revealing his attitude towards women in general. Sandy was right when she told her colleagues from the start that she was not a Geisha but a Geologist. 

The young American woman opening the door in the library was not weak or helpless but independent and strong. 

I understood that after I decoded the symbolic meaning of her displeasure.

My realization in this moment is an example of a living text.

The above is an example of applying knowledge, which is the meaning of the concept ‘attentive' to the images you witnessed and experienced in the two films, Moonrise Kingdom and Outsourced. What about Iron & Silk? How would attentiveness to the opposite sex (the other) manifest in China?

To listen, then, is to interpret and understand images and behavior that are new to us. Please see Grace DeLuca’s posting as an expression of generative text. It is original thinking and sharing oneself...in an evolutionary way. 

I have to start working on the Abstract for INTED25. This is a good time to catch up with your work to make co-authorship. If it comes to pass, it will be a feather in your cap forever!

Sanjiv

ACTIVE, LISTEN, ATTENTIVE, UNDERSTAND, RESPOND, REFLECT, RETAIN, ENGAGE

from the fishbowl...

 

gracedeluca

Posts: 98

Joined: Sat Sep 07, 2024 8:34 am

Contact: Contact gracedeluca

Re: Assignments

Post by gracedeluca » Thu Nov 14, 2024 9:02 am

Three phenomena:

Mindfulness - "is the basic human ability to be fully present, aware of where we are and what we’re doing, and not overly reactive or overwhelmed by what’s going on around us." (Mindful) - Outsourced

Ethnography - "based almost entirely on fieldwork and requires the complete immersion of the anthropologist in the culture and everyday life of the people who are the subject of his study." (Britannica) - Iron and Silk

Meaning Making - "is the process by which we interpret and ascribe perception to the information our world presents us." (Thrive) - Moonrise Kingdom

Moonrise Kingdom:

Is about two kids Sam Shakusky and Suzy Bishop who fall in love on a New England Island called New Penzance. They had met during a church performance last summer and remained pen pals. They make a pact to sneak away together to a cove on the island called Moonrise Kingdom. However, they are eventually found and forced away from each other. The scouts decide to try and help them again and they seek out the help of Cousin Ben, a relative of one of the scouts. A severe storm strikes and many things are destroyed, once again preventing the kids from escaping. Police Chief Sharpe decides to become the legal guardian for Sam so that he may remain on the island and have contact with Suzy, who returns to her family.

- "It helps me see things closer. Even if they're not very far away. I pretend its my magic power" (Sam)

- "But something also happened, which we didn't do on purpose. When we first met each other, something happened to us." (Sam)

- "We're in love. We just want to be together." (Suzy)

- "Listen to some reason. I don't like you. You don't like me. So why don't you just let us disappear?" (Sam)

- "I love you, too" (Suzy)

- Suzy and Sam utilize meaning making to uncover their love for one another and grapple with the intense emotions that often are involved with that discovery. They also try to interpret the lives they have and share the struggles present in their own circumstances."

Outsourced:

Todd manages a call center in Seattle, Washington. He discovers that it is being outsourced to India and he is tasked with traveling to Gharapuri and training the new manager, Purohit. It is imperative to his success that he familiarize himself with Indian culture. Asha Shankar, who is the new assistant manager, helps Todd understand their cultural practices and norms.

- "Sir you should not place the hand that has been in the mouth back in the food." (Purohit)

- "I need to learn about India." (Todd)

- "How can we do things differently?" (Todd)

- "Our first mistake has been trying to run this like an American office." (Todd)

- Todd practices mindfulness by recognizing that he needs to respect Indian culture in order to build a successful operation where his workers enjoy coming into work each day.

Iron and Silk:

Mark graduates from college with a degree in Chinese literature and moves to China for two years to teach english. He travels to the city of Hangzhou and is able to learn more about martial arts from a famous instructor named Pan Qingfu. During his stay in China, he confronts cultural boundaries and falls in love with Ming, who is a doctor. He also learns about the repression that occurs in China as he is subject to various restrictions.

- "I thought I was ready for anything. That is, until I stepped off the train in Hangzhou." (Mark)

- "It was America that suddenly felt like some exotic dream and China that was real to me." (Mark)

- "When you have a visitor in China, at first you offer him tea and something to eat." (Teacher Hei)

- "In martial arts, you hit with the eyes." (Pan)

- Todd uses ethnography unintentionally to grow accustomed to the cultural traditions of China, as he lives and teaches among those who expose him to its practices. He observes first hand how different it is from anything he had ever imagined.

gracedeluca

Posts: 98

Joined: Sat Sep 07, 2024 8:34 am

Contact: Contact gracedeluca

Re: Assignments

Post by gracedeluca » Thu Nov 14, 2024 9:29 am

One scene from Moonrise Kingdom -

The scene that I chose to interpret from Moonrise Kingdom is when Suzy is in the bath and her mother is talking to her. She says she knows how she feels and that she doesn't understand why she struggles with life so much. Suzy reveals that he knows about her mothers affair with the policeman and that part of her resents her for it. In this simple scene there is a vast array of emotions as Suzy's mother's hurt becomes apparent next to Suzy's disdain. Meaning making relates to the way they both interpret the actions of one another. Suzy sees her mother as a negative presence in her life, whereas Suzy's mother believes her daughter is more reactive than necessary. There is the absence of mattering, where neither can feel their importance within the other, one of the basic human needs. Lastly, cognitive dissonance is apparent as both try to settle their minds into a level of understanding about the situation. Their problematic relationship is an example of how things can unravel if not taken care of. On a personal level, I can never have plants as they always die. Usually it is a byproduct of me forgetting they exist and not giving them the basic essentials that they need like water and sunlight. My inability to place emphasis on the plants showcases the marginal amount that they affect my life. If I cared more they would receive better treatment and stand a much better chance of growing and thriving. My tendency to do this parallels Suzy and her mother who fail to look after their relationship by providing care and concern and instead let it wither away.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/13/2024 22:36:38
Subject: decoding symbolic meaning
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well and enjoying the three films.

The three films show us the cultural patterns and processes of their society. 

Growing up and living in American society, we are the least aware of our culture. One does not have to think about how and why one does things. It is easier and often more efficient to follow the regularly accepted procedure. That is what culture does for people.The cultural assumptions we grow up with are powerful.

Watching the films, we see American culture in sharper relief. The films provide mirrors and other reflections. As ‘outsiders,' we do not take as much for granted about our behavior as we do at home. Different cultures offer other ways of understanding how our behavior is culturally constructed.

Be a professional outsider, a professional stranger, she whispered.

In the fishbowl, as students, we are cultural outsiders and use the 'ethnographic method’ (Please Google) of experiencing life firsthand. We are writing about our creative process (sorting, sifting, selecting, and substituting), and we can see our practice. 

I am looking at myself, looking at myself!

*******************

What the protagonists are doing in all the films is the same as what you do in the fishbowl. They choose concepts and approaches (choosing words) and immediately test them in a total immersion situation. Decoding the underlying symbolic meaning. That is how they analyzed their experience and digitally filmed their decoding. This is the business of it. The business of the fishbowl. They all went laughing to the bank, having created meaning for themselves!

Please see Colleen Cytryn’s living text, decoding symbols and images. Living texts offer fluid meaning-making that is action-oriented, generative, authentic, open, relational, affective, responsive, ever-changing, and engaging. 

Sanjiv

DECODE, SYMBOLIC, MEANING

from the fishbowl...

colleen_cytryn

Posts: 89

Joined: Sun Sep 08, 2024 11:51 am

Contact: Contact colleen_cytryn

Re: Assigments

Post by colleen_cytryn » Tue Nov 12, 2024 6:24 pm

Observation

1.Symbolic Interactionism

"A sociological theory that studies how people create shared meanings through their interactions with each other.”

- "I am not what I think I am and I am not what you think I am; I am what I think you think I am"

2.Shift

"Move or cause to move from one place to another, especially over a small distance"

- "I shift the weight back to the other leg"

- "A shift in public opinion"

- "The night shift"

3.Social Reality

"Refers to the shared beliefs, values, practices, and norms that shape how individuals perceive and interact with each other in a society"

- "The fact that social realities are the result of human actions does not detract from their reality"

- "The social reality of intergenerational relations means that inheritance has increasingly become part of the debate about the costs of welfare"

Moonrise Kingdom:

-Symbolic Interaction

In this movie both the main characters Sam and Suzy are both figuring out who they are through the interaction with each other. Sam is an orphaned boy scout who is struggling with who he is and his place in the world as he knows it. Suzy is a young girl who is from a broken home who likes to use her fantasy and the things in her brain to create the type of person she is. The both plan to run away and this is when they both continue to develop who they are. They are breaking out of the norms and leaving what they have behind.

-“You know a lot about camping don't you”

-“This is my favorite record album, my god mother gave it to me”

- Coming back to society together

-Learning a lot about each other

-Shift

In the beginning of the movie it depicts Sam and Suzy as kids who are trying to leave their society for change. This is the first shift. The next shift is based on emotion. They are put up against many obstacles and together have to work through it. Another shift is both of their personalities when they are found and have to go back to reality.

-”Did anyone follow you”

- “You don’t want to be a scout anymore”

-Society Reality

In this movie there was a cultural difference. Todd had to travel to India for his job and

Both Suzy and Sam live very different lives. In both of their lives there is society reality. In Suzy’s life she is put up with family expectations. In Sam’s case he’s a child without a family, which places him outside the normal social structure.

-“Are you applying Sam is an orphan”

- “Your a fugitive”

Outsourced:

-Symbolic Interaction

The biggest thing that stood out to me in this movie was the language. Todd had to travel from America to India. The biggest obstacle was to interact with each other. I think by speaking different languages it gave Todd and his team an understanding of how they see each other.

“Celebration of colors”

“What are you trying to say”

“I’m sorry”

-Shift

There is a big shift among Todd, throughout the movie. Todd is shifting his attitude toward a more Indian culture. He is also talking about his role as a manager differently. He has a different mindset and understands that what he does in America is going to have to change.

- “We are going to make a few changes”

- “Let me think”

- “It is okay…”→ during flood

-Social reality

In this movie there was a cultural difference. Todd had to travel to India for his job and was put up with many obstacles. He is an American who has a very comfortable lifestyle. When traveling to India he sees a change. The employees that are now working with Todd are all learning to adapt to a different, American culture.

- “I need to learn”

- “ The flood”

Iron and Silk:

-Symbolic Interaction

The biggest thing that stood out to me in this movie was the language barrier among the characters. Mark was an American who traveled to China to teach English. Mark was able to understand martial arts and the culture of his students and his friends.

- “Exchange for my short wave radio so him and his friends could listen to the voice of America”

- “Come visit my family”

-Shift

Mark is shifting his mindset to a more Chinese mindset. He is aware that things in America are different. He is really living in the moment and is seeing all the positives that are coming out of living in China.

“I was touched by their generosity”

“It's a campaign against spiritual pollution”

-Social reality

In this movie there was a cultural difference between Mark, his students, and his friends. Mark traveled to China for his job. He is an American who has been looking for something different. When traveling to China he sees a lot of changes.

“It didn't realize the rest they took”

“Why is it so bad I want to get to know her?”

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/12/2024 12:42:51
Subject: frustration and irritation dealing with foreign cultures
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

While the cultural predisposition towards the scientific in the Western world may have led to some revolutionary technological advances, there is a real danger in extending this approach when trying to do business with people whose ways of seeing the world are very different.

Todd Anderson, aka Toad in the film Outsourced, would pull back to reflect and figure out the meaning of the picture of Goddess Kali hanging in his room. Please Google Kali, a famous goddess in India who most people worship.

When we encounter other social systems, they have already given names to themselves and decided how they want to live and how the world is to be interpreted. We may label them if we wish, but we can only expect them to understand or accept our definitions if they correspond to theirs. We cannot strip people of their common sense constructs or routine ways of seeing—they come to us as whole systems of patterned meanings and understandings. We can only try to understand, starting with how they think and building from there.

Please see Savannah Krom’s reflection below.

I was reading Rilke On Love And Other Difficulties this morning, and on the very first page before the Prologue, he writes:

		If only we arrange our lives according

 to that principle that counsels us

		that we must always hold to the difficult,

		then that which now still seems to us

		the most alien will become what we

		most trust and find most faithful.

So, how must we always hold the difficult?

We must gradually train ourselves in the anthropological skills of “attending, observing, registering, and correlating.” Please attend to the meaning of these words. Thank you.

When we begin to recognize the cultural matrix of particular patterns of behavior, we come to see their connectedness, and so accept their “necessity.” All the frustration and irritation we experience in dealing with the other becomes diluted in the sheer pleasure of solving an intellectual puzzle.

Sanjiv

FRUSTRATION, IRRITATION, ATTEND, OBSERVE, REGISTER, CORRELATE, PATTERN, MEANINGS

from the fishbowl...

savannahkrom

Posts: 89

Joined: Sun Sep 08, 2024 10:26 am

Contact: Contact savannahkrom

Re: Assignment

post by savannahkrom » Mon Nov 11, 2024 9:30 pm

Hofstede's definition of culture as the collective programming of the mind that distinguishes the members of one human group from another is a robust framework for understanding cultural differences. It highlights the idea that culture is a shared mental program that shapes our thoughts, behaviors, and values. One key point to remember is that culture is a collective programming; it is not something that individuals create independently. It is a shared system of beliefs, values, and behaviors. Additionally, culture distinguishes human groups, which makes us unique and sets us apart. Culture influences our thoughts, emotions, and perceptions. Understanding this can help us appreciate the diversity of human cultures and the impact that culture has on our lives.

att/

Outsourced

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pFOnJ4i7yBC7AWbzmdR7TlZ_cINUvBMl/view?usp=sharing

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/11/2024 18:44:29
Subject: about culture
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well.

I want to summarize several things, most of which are known and experienced by you in the fishbowl. 

Ours is not a laundry list of skills but an application of knowledge generating a knowing in a communal space.

The result of this thought trajectory, it is intended, will manifest in an abstract submission for peer review.

Whenever we consider knowledge as in our Google searches and Definitions and apply it as a template for a felt experience...,

we interpret a past incident in our mind, fed by fleeting images, and we share our interpretive process in a public space with others doing the same.

We become a matrix. 

Symbolically, the word Matrix comes from the word Maya, which means illusion. Illusion means something that appears different than it is. One can't dissociate the word illusion from perception. Perception is the process of sensory experience from which we gather knowledge about the external world.

Our matrix, the fishbowl, is inter-subjective, introspective, and interrelated.

**************

Society, Culture, Structure: three interrelated words. It is good to develop a process for understanding these phenomena. We can’t escape them.

The word “culture” has been defined in several ways, and these definitions are used differently to understand our behavior.

 

Culture is a complex whole that includes knowledge, beliefs, art, morals, laws, customs, and any other capabilities and habits acquired as a member of society.

It has been defined as transmitted patterns of values, ideas, and other symbolic systems that shape behavior.

It has been defined as a set of common understandings expressed in language.

II has been defined as values, beliefs, and expectations that members come to share.

It has been defined as three aspects: 

1. some content (meaning and interpretations), 

2. peculiar to 

3. a group.

It has been defined as primarily a system for creating, sending, storing, and processing information.

It has been defined as a distinctly human capacity for adapting to circumstances and transmitting this coping skill and knowledge to subsequent generations.

For our purposes, we will consider the 1980 definition of G.H. Hofstede (please Google): Culture is the collective programming of the mind that distinguishes the members of one human group from another.

Bottom line: What culture is:

1. A shared system of meanings. 

We’ve been doing that in the fishbowl. As a group, we have been paying attention to the same things: perceiving the world, experiencing the self, and understanding how life is organized.

2. Relative.

There is no cultural absolute. In the fishbowl, each individual's culture is relative to other perceptions of the world and doing things.

3. Learned

Culture is derived from your social environment, not from your genetic makeup.

4. About Groups.

Culture is a collective phenomenon that is about shared values and meanings.

Hofstede describes culture as the ‘collective programming of the mind’ and explains that it lies between human nature on one side and individual personality on the other.

Human nature: it is universal and biological

Culture: it is learned and specific to groups

Personality: it is inherited and learned and specific to individuals

What culture is not:

1. Right or wrong

2. Inherited

3. About individual behavior. There are wide variations in individual values and behavior within each national culture.

Watching Movie 2: Outsourced

This is a true story of an American mindset intersecting with an Indian mindset. It is the idea of separate categories or ‘modes’ of thought. Our mindsets create the experience of time and space at its most fundamental. 

According to the Japanese author Nagashima (1973), most Japanese appear to believe that Western thinking is radically different from their own. He notes the opposing attributes of the West: objective, analytical, logical, consistent, impersonal, absolute, and intellectual. For the East, attributes include subjective, synthetic, non-logical, inconsistent, personal, relative, and emotional. He sums up the value differences in terms of the logical and scientific versus the instinctive and subjective. The rigid distinction between rational and non-rational is unique to the West, whereas, in the Japanese word omoi, both elements are integrated and indistinguishable.

According to Kakir (1990), in India, people’s thinking tends to be more representational and affective, relying more on visual and sensual images than on the abstract and conceptual. Compared with Western children, he thinks Indian children are encouraged to live in a mythical, magical world for a long time, where nature, objects, events, and other people are intimately related to themselves. This is in sharp contrast to the task of ‘individuation’ in identity formation in the West.

Please watch the films as American mental structures interact with Indian and Chinese mental structures. We become aware of our structures only when we come up against foreign structures.

Sanjiv

PATTERN, VALUES, BELIEF, MINDSET

refresher from the fishbowl...

avawesley

Posts: 13

Joined: Sat Sep 07, 2024 3:53 pm

Contact: Contact avawesley

Re: Google Search- Taking Notes

post by avawesley » Wed Oct 09, 2024 11:50 pm

Symbolic interactionism: A social framework in which society is seen as the product of shared symbols. The central concept is the Self, which allows us to calculate the effects of our actions.

Symbolic systems: Any system that utilizes symbols to represent, process, and act on information. These systems include things like language, mathematical logic, and computer programs.

Social ontology: The study of the nature and properties of the social world. It mainly concerns things in the world that arise from social interaction

Gilles Deleuze’s theory of assemblages: Deleuze proposes a theory of assemblages coded by taking a particular form. They select, compose, and complete a territory.

“Deep reading”: Deep reading is also referred to as slow reading. It is the process of thoughtful and deliberate reading in order to enhance comprehension of the material. Exercises to enhance deep reading include being more present with the material, reading material that is interesting or enjoyable, and reading during a designated time

avawesley

Posts: 13

Joined: Sat Sep 07, 2024 3:53 pm

Contact: Contact avawesley

Re: Google Search- Taking Notes

post by avawesley » Tue Oct 15, 2024 12:36 pm

“Textual world”: This theory is a cognitive-linguistic model of human discourse processing. While human beings are conversing, they typically construct mental images in their minds. Text world theory provides the tools necessary for people to analyze those mental images. Through analyzing these images, we can examine how discourse affects people and how prior knowledge and influence plays a part in the development of thought for discourse.

Mattering: feeling valued and important in relationships and work. Core human need that contributes to well-being and our self-worth. It is also dependent on others, as the feeling of mattering can be reciprocal.

avawesley

Posts: 13

Joined: Sat Sep 07, 2024 3:53 pm

Contact: Contact avawesley

Re: Google Search- Taking Notes

post by avawesley » Sun Nov 10, 2024 7:04 pm

Symbolic interactionism is a sociological theory that explores how people create shared meanings through their interactions and communications. In other words, it is how people communicate using things such as pictures, sound, interactions- without using spoken language. As a musician, this has always been an interesting topic. It covers how art such as paintings and music can convey the same or similar messages to different people. However, I also hold the belief that art is subjective, and find it interesting how people can interpret sounds and images into vastly different meanings, based on personal perception and previous experiences. There are some symbols that are thought to be more concrete than art. Researchers use this theory to view society as composed of symbols that people use to establish meaning. Things such as bathroom signs and love hearts are an example of communication that has a specific meaning that can be easily conveyed between cultures.

Social constructivism is a theory that explains how we learn from our experiences with others. It was developed by Lev Vygotsky who was a cognitivist. Cognitivism posits that it is possible to separate learning from its social context. This theory emphasizes the importance of culture and context in the development of knowledge. He posited that humans’ communication techniques allow them to ‘overcome natural limitations of their perceptual field by imposing culturally defined sense and meaning on the world’. In other words, humans are able to deepen their knowledge and understanding by engaging in interactions of all types with a variety of people.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/9/2024 15:31:41
Subject: Watching Movie 1: Moonrise Kingdom
------------------------------------------------------------
Movie 1. Moonrise Kingdom by Wes Anderson

Google Wes Anderson. Great guy. Enjoy the film! I had to select who could best represent American values and chose his film.

It takes work to describe and explain American values. As Americans, we tend to take our beliefs and behaviors for granted. That is to say, we need to be made aware of the patterns and configurations...that provide critical insights into what it means to be American.

Wes Anderson does that in this film by using symbolic interactionism. Everything is symbolic of something else. The film shows me that growing up American means doing the right thing.

You will relate to it on many levels. Your task is to interpret an incident that you see in the film. Through observation, you select an incident and choose to write about it in a meaningful way. Choosing an incident involves an interaction of words and images, known as 'mental constructs.’

Mental constructs are ideas, beliefs, and visualizations that exist in a person's mind and are used to explain human behavior:

Anderson uses symbolic interactionism as his metaphor. Symbolic interactionism views society as composed of symbols that people use to establish meaning, develop views about the world, and communicate with one another. 

We are thinking beings who act according to how we interpret situations.

Please watch Symbolic Interactionism (video) - Khan Academy 3.35mts.

https://www.khanacademy.org/test-prep/mcat/society-and-culture/social-structures/v/symbolic-interactionism

The bottom line for the assignment: Interpret a scene from the film by using fishbowl vocabulary (concept) and interject an incident from your life's felt experience. Not more than a paragraph.

Sanjiv

INCIDENT, SYMBOL, VISUALIZE, PATTERN, CONFIGURATION, INVOLVE

Moonrise Kingdom

ttps://drive.google.com/file/d/1j89wik5UPQcN_IA5XJ_R78qmUmzV_DlZ/view?usp=sharing

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/8/2024 11:56:59
Subject: assignment: three movies three phenomena
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

1. Three movies will cover American values and their intersection with the cultures of India and China.

Watching the films is the starting point. 

2. From postings in the fishbowl, select three concepts and their definitions and post them under the Observation category. 

List phrases from the definitions above for easy access and understanding.

Observation. What are you observing, how are you observing, and why?

3. You observe the abovementioned words (concepts) when watching the films. You are interacting with the movie in the language of your definitions.

Interpretation

4. You observe these phenomena (concepts) when watching the films by listening/reading the words spoken by the actors in their context. 

5. Copy out the phrases spoken by the actors and use them to explain the phenomena in that context.

6. Interject your life experience in your interpretation.

Please interpret each movie (Moonrise Kingdom, Outsourced, Iron & Silk) in terms of the phenomena you are observing.

Follow the KISS principle in all matters. We are observing your process and not the outcome.

Sanjiv

EXPLAIN, PHENOMENA, CONTEXT

Moonrise Kingdom

ttps://drive.google.com/file/d/1j89wik5UPQcN_IA5XJ_R78qmUmzV_DlZ/view?usp=sharing

Outsourced

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pFOnJ4i7yBC7AWbzmdR7TlZ_cINUvBMl/view?usp=sharing

Iron and Silk

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1InB5COMuByIncKUshQOZ-arxzXikvt9R/view?usp=sharing

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/7/2024 16:58:28
Subject: entering the field
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well.

Subsequent letters will describe what lies ahead regarding assignments and how to wrap up the fishbowl.

When we say that ‘the whole is greater than the sum of its parts,' a phrase attributed to Aristotle, we allude to the power of a collective, an organization, or a community more significant than ourselves. Feeling part of a greater whole helps us flourish. The underlying belief in the greater whole is that its social life is embedded in our relations with one another, and for survival, we must form positive and enduring connections that matter to us.

Ethnographic communities represent the said communal ‘whole.’ Please Google ‘ethnographic community.'

Ethnographic communities have only begun to be studied systematically very recently; they can have many names and take many forms. What unites them is their focus on ethnographic practice---sorting, sifting, selecting, and substituting.

The ethnographic community has significant emotional and social benefits. Rather than being a lone presence interacting in a foreign land (think national, international, global, and cross-cultural organizations) or a new subject matter (think MGT448 and 335), we create instead a sense of accountability by making our internal musings and feelings visible for constructive critique. Being part of a community where our musings, felt experiences, and interpretations can be safely articulated helps us deal with methodological performance anxiety and nervousness. It gives us greater confidence in our work and ourselves.

Welcome to the fishbowl. This is an excellent time to revisit the syllabus.

On an epistemic level, ethnographic communities are a rigorous yet friendly platform for deconstructing the often confusing and overwhelming data we collect independently. Bieler et al. (2021) observed that our ability to reflect on our practice may quickly reach its limits when considered within the bounds of Individual mental capacity; an ethnographic community, on the other hand, can strengthen our interpretive authority through a continual scientific review of knowledge production. This can spur publications to get our ethnographic voices heard.

Those interested in ethnographic practice form networks of shared ideas. Please see Alessia Galifi’s posting below.

Sanjiv

RELATIONAL, WHOLE, MUSING, CONSTRUCTIVE, COMMUNITY, EPISTEMIC, SCIENTIFIC, AUTHORITY

from the fishbowl...

AlessiaGalifi

Posts: 62

Joined: Mon Sep 09, 2024 12:43 pm

Contact: AlessiaGalifi

Re: Assignment

post by AlessiaGalifi » Wed Nov 06, 2024 1:07 pm

Ethnography is a qualitative research method focused on studying people in their natural environments, aiming to understand their cultural practices, beliefs, and social dynamics. Researchers immerse themselves within a community or group, observing and sometimes participating in daily activities to gain an insider’s perspective.

One core method used in ethnography is participant observation, where the researcher actively engages in the group’s activities while observing behaviors and interactions. This approach helps the researcher experience the setting as participants do, making observations more authentic. Another key method is face-to-face interviewing, where the researcher conducts in-depth, personal interviews to gather detailed insights into individuals' thoughts, feelings, and experiences.

Together, these methods allow ethnographers to capture a rich, nuanced understanding of a community or group's way of life, often resulting in a more comprehensive, empathetic view of human behavior and social processes.

Similar to Gadamer’s hermeneutics, which emphasizes understanding and interpreting meaning through dialogue and historical context, ethnography is also deeply focused on the art of understanding and interpretation.

Gadamer’s hermeneutics argues that true understanding requires engaging with texts or experiences in a way that considers the context and subjective perspectives involved. Ethnography operates on a similar principle: by immersing in a group’s environment, ethnographers interpret cultural practices and social interactions, seeking to grasp the meaning behind behaviors and beliefs from an insider’s perspective.

Both approaches recognize that understanding is not just about observing facts but also interpreting experiences through empathy, context, and ongoing reflection, making them methods that bridge observation with deeper insight into human meaning and intention.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/6/2024 0:50:09
Subject: A Prayer
------------------------------------------------------------
Where The Mind Is Without Fear

Where the mind is without fear, and the head is held high

Where knowledge is free

Where the world has not been broken up into fragments

By narrow domestic walls

Where words come out from the depth of truth

Where tireless striving stretches its arms toward perfection

Where the clear stream of reason has not lost its way

Into the dreary desert sand of dead habit

Where the mind is led forward by thee

Into ever-widening thought and action

Into that heaven of freedom, my Father, let my country awake.

Rabindranath Tagore (please Google)

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/1/2024 16:50:28
Subject: How to be an ethnographer
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. Please see Colleen Cytryn's postings below.

Ethnography (please Google) is the study of people in their environment through methods such as "participant observation” (please Google) and face-to-face interviewing.

The ethnographic method is a type of posting that distinguishes itself by stronger/intensified reflection, i.e., a constant reflection on the status of one’s cognition and its entanglement in a specific socio-cultural-environmental context, like the fishbowl. In this method, we constantly think about how we perceive the fishbowl, and what we know about it influences what we see and understand about it.

Like Gadamer’s hermeneutics (please Google), ethnography is the art of understanding and interpretation.

Gadamer's hermeneutic theory, primarily outlined in his work "Truth and Method," posits that understanding is an ongoing dialogue between the interpreter and the text, where meaning is constructed through a fusion of the interpreter's present horizon with the historical horizon of the text, heavily influenced by tradition and "prejudices" that shape our interpretation, rather than being a purely objective process of applying methods to uncover a fixed meaning; essentially, understanding is always situated within our historical and cultural context and involves a dynamic interplay between past and present. 

Key points of Gadamer's hermeneutics:

	• The "hermeneutic circle":

Understanding occurs through a cyclical movement between a text's parts and the whole text, where each part informs the whole and vice versa, allowing for a deeper comprehension. 

	• "Fusion of horizons":

To truly understand a text, the interpreter must bridge the gap between their own present perspective and the historical context of the text, creating a "fusion" of horizons. 

	• Importance of tradition and prejudice:

Gadamer argues that our pre-understandings and cultural biases ("prejudices") are not necessarily negative, but rather provide a necessary foundation for interpretation. 

	• Language as a medium of meaning:

Language is not simply a tool for conveying information but rather a medium that reveals the structure of reality and guides our understanding. 

Sanjiv

COGNITION, ENTANGLEMENT, DIALOG, DYNAMIC, PRESENT, PAST, FUSION

from the fishbowl...

colleen_cytryn

Posts: 77

Joined: Sun Sep 08, 2024 11:51 am

Contact: Contact colleen_cytryn

Re: Assigments

Post by colleen_cytryn » Thu Oct 31, 2024 2:21 pm

Interpretivism:

"A research paradigm that assumes reality is subjective and socially constructed, and that people can only understand reality through their own experiences"

People have different experiences and react differently to specific changes and factors. This paradigm illustrates that you can only truly understand something if you have experienced it firsthand. In the Fishbowl, we are all reading the same letter but have different posts because we all have a different way of feeling.

colleen_cytryn

Posts: 77

Joined: Sun Sep 08, 2024 11:51 am

Contact: Contact colleen_cytryn

Re: Assigments

Post by colleen_cytryn » Thu Oct 31, 2024 2:27 pm

Other:

"A person or thing that is different or distinct from one already mentioned or known about"

"That which is distinct from, different from, or opposite to something or oneself."

"The second one of two people or things."

Throughout the Fishbowl, people have many different views on specific topics. With this being said, what others are saying is right. Most of my best work and success in the Fishbowl has been my curiosity to see what other people in my class are saying and talking about.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/30/2024 1:42:51
Subject: Reading and Writing in a Network Society: contributing to the &quot;common&quot;
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How we read and write in a network society like the fishbowl and an international global one has radically changed.

Reading and writing are fundamental to thinking and accumulating knowledge. As we stream and scroll away daily, how we think and create knowledge has radically changed. It has become more accessible, fun, challenging, and directly satisfying.

To begin with, reading and writing in the digital age takes commitment, dedication, and regularity, just like learning a foreign language. The more you do it, the better you get at it, and as you have experienced in the fishbowl, the greater your cultural capital.

In a global marketplace, many leading international business scholars argue that more sustainable competitive advantages are increasingly changing from a ‘harder’ efficiency source to a ‘softer’ effectiveness source. The more sustainable advantages are building flexibility in learning processes, sharing information, and developing collective know-how into a worldwide network. 

Faster and better learning within the Fishbowl is a large part of the competitive logic. We are developing capabilities to understand each other’s values and world views. Our exchange in letters and postings gradually become small conceptual “work groups” of shared reflection and common knowledge.

Globalization has led to a shared digital world without boundaries or escape. We are bound to this universe, exposed to its control and misconduct. In this circumstance, we must learn the art of self-rule and create enduring models of social interaction among ourselves as singular individuals. Forms that are self-governing, egalitarian, and autonomous.

According to Antonio Negri, such forms between singular beings are imaginable and possible only because we share and participate in the “common.”

By “common, “ we mean the results of the social output, like in the Fishbowl, such as knowledge, text, codes, information, image, affect, subjectivity, and intersubjective spaces. In other words, the vocabulary necessary for social interaction. This definition of the common focuses on interaction, care, and cohabitation practices in a shared world.

Bottom line: So much of our world is shared and open to all, and it is developed through active participation, expression, creativity, and communication. It is about creating structures and restructurings, as you do in the fishbowl. Please see Savannah Krom’s reflections below as examples of contributing to and participating in the “common."

I believe you are all doing wonderfully well. We learn in many ways, and reading and doing vocabulary as a practice is one of them.

Sanjiv

EGALITARIAN, AUTONOMOUS, SELF-GOVERNING, FORM

from the fishbowl...

 ONLINE

savannahkrom

Posts: 67

Joined: Sun Sep 08, 2024 10:26 am

Contact: Contact savannahkrom

Re: Assignment

post by savannahkrom » Tue Oct 29, 2024 9:01 pm

The text metatext frame, as applied to the fishbowl concept in New Narrative, is a powerful tool for understanding how a text can be both self-contained world and a reflection upon itself. A text is not merely a passive vessel of meaning but actively constructs and deconstructs its own significance. The text refers to the primary narrative or content of the work. The metatext is the layer of commentary, analysis, or self-reference that the text applies to itself. It's the text talking about itself, its own construction, its potential interpretations, and its relationship to the reader. With metatext in the New Narrative it adds a layer of complexity. It creates a dynamic interplay between the text's content and its self-awareness. By understanding the text-metatext frame, we can appreciate the ways in which texts can be both self-contained and self-aware. It encourages us to consider the text's construction, its assumptions, and its potential interpretations. This approach can lead to a deeper and more nuanced understanding of the text and its relationship to the reader.

savannahkrom

Posts: 67

Joined: Sun Sep 08, 2024 10:26 am

Contact: Contact savannahkrom

Re: Assignment

post by savannahkrom » Tue Oct 29, 2024 9:05 pm

The interactions within the fishbowl mirror the deconstructive approach by Jacques Derrida. Deconstruction is a method of analysis that examines texts to reveal underlying assumptions and contradictions. By relating to and commenting on the text in the moment of writing, we create a dynamic and evolving conversation. We are active participants in the construction of meaning. Our deconstructive approach allows us to uncover the multiple layers of meaning within the text, and to appreciate its complexity and richness.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/29/2024 21:47:25
Subject: feedback
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

I want to give feedback on the posting below. How does one develop knowledge, a knowing, an idea?

It is a trial-and-error process and requires focus and dedication.

The most crucial step is to pick the concepts you want to understand further, no more than 2 or 3, and pose the question.

From the posting below, I would pick the following:

intangible

impact

and raise the question: what impact does the intangible have?

After that, I would go to the dictionary/thesaurus and copy all the similar words and create a word-pool of not more than 15 words or so.

Intangible

1 the moonlight made things seem intangible: impalpable, untouchable, imperceptible to the touch, nonphysical, bodiless, incorporeal, unembodied, disembodied, abstract, invisible; ethereal, insubstantial, airy, aerial; spiritual, ghostly, spectral, phantom, wraithlike, transcendental, unearthly, supernatural; rare immaterial, unbodied, discarnate, disincarnate, phantasmal, phantasmic. ANTONYMS tangible

2 an intangible atmosphere of dread and doom: indefinable, indescribable, inexpressible, nameless; vague, obscure, unclear, hazy, dim, mysterious; indefinite, unanalyzable, subtle, elusive, fugitive. ANTONYMS clear

impact 

1 car parts were spread by the impact over a wide region: collision, crash, smash, clash, bump, bang, knock, jolt, thump, whack, thwack, slam, smack; contact.

2 no car can withstand the impact of a train: force, full force, shock, brunt, impetus, pressure, weight. 

3 the job losses will have a major impact | the impact of agriculture on wildlife: effect, influence, impression, footprint; results, aftermath, consequences, repercussions, ramifications, reverberations; informal payoff.

To further my understanding, I pull out abstract and effect, and raise the question.

What effect does the abstract have?

I look up both words and highlight ‘consequence' and ‘academic’ from the word pool, and raise the question.

What is the consequence of being academic? 

And so, I could hold the view that the consequence of being academic is an increase in your cultural capital.

To go deeper, this raises the question of what does it mean to be academic.

Follow the same process to answer the question.

Look up academic, and focus on the two most dissimilar words. 

This opposition of words is vital. You will have developed an understanding and a point of view. 

Think about it. You get better at it with practice.

effect the effect of these changes is hard to assess: result, consequence, upshot, outcome, outturn, sequel, reaction, repercussions, reverberations, ramifications; end result, conclusion, termination, culmination, denouement, corollary, concomitant, aftermath, footprint, fruit(s), product, byproduct; Medicinesequelae; informal payoff; dated issue; archaic success. ANTONYMS cause

abstract 1 abstract concepts such as love and beauty: theoretical, conceptual, notional, intellectual, metaphysical, philosophical, academic; hypothetical, speculative, conjectural, conjectured, suppositional, putative; rare suppositious, suppositive, ideational. ANTONYMS actual, concrete

2 abstract art: nonrepresentational, nonrealistic, nonpictorial, symbolic, impressionistic. ANTONYMS representational

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

annafuentes

Posts: 56

Joined: Sun Sep 08, 2024 7:39 pm

Contact: Contact annafuentes

Re: Google Searches

Post by annafuentes » Tue Oct 29, 2024 3:44 pm

Pierre Bourdieu's cultural capital:

"According to this theory, cultural capital consists of intangible resources that can have a significant impact on social mobility and success. These resources may include knowledge, skills, experiences, and other factors that are related to culture and society" (Cultural Capital | Definition, Types & Examples. study.com).

word pool:

- cultural

- capital

- intangible

- resources

- social

- mobility

- knowledge

- skills

- experience

- society

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/28/2024 23:07:46
Subject: fragments of knowing
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

If you have not noticed, we are moving quickly in the fishbowl. 

What exactly is happening, and will knowledge of that change our attitude and approach to learning and improve our performance?

Every posting is a fragment of knowledge-making: observation and interpretation. The key is to separate the two. Please remember that.

Fragment is a good metaphor for understanding the fishbowl, where we learn not linearly but through fragments of knowing.

We collect these fragments, representing our cultural capital, and we are developing a voice.

The course has been designed to keep our circumstances and social context in mind so we can enter/exit the fishbowl any time in the semester. The question is not one of catching up but jumping in. Different metaphors shape our realities.

Could you jump in? As Nike puts it: Do It.

We are posting Vocabulary and Google searches and infusing them with felt experiences from the films, the fishbowl, and our lives.

You are inescapably observing and interpreting.

It’s impossible to develop new styles of doing things while continuing to think in old ways. Our vocabulary and images often entrap us like 'catching up' instead of 'jumping in.’

Words are always based on implicit images or metaphors that persuade us to see, understand, and manage situations in a particular way.

The challenge facing us today is to become accomplished in using metaphor (word images) to find new ways of seeing, understanding, and shaping our actions.

Please see Erik Price’s posting below as a perfect example of what I am talking about.

Sanjiv

FRAGMENT, INFUSE, SHAPE, PERSUADE, NEW, CHALLENGE

from the fishbowl...

erik_price

Posts: 55

Joined: Mon Sep 09, 2024 12:00 pm

Contact: Contact erik_price

Re: Google Searches

 by erik_price » Mon Oct 28, 2024 12:34 pm

In the context of cross-cultural interactions, “the other” refers to individuals or groups perceived as different from oneself or one's familiar group, especially regarding cultural background, language, and social norms. This concept, explored in literature, psychology, and sociology, is crucial in understanding cross-cultural relationships. By recognizing someone as "other," we inherently acknowledge differences but can risk associating these differences with stereotypes, creating barriers to meaningful understanding.

When we pause to observe without judgment—like Charlie in Kinky Boots—we become more open to the value and distinctiveness of other perspectives. In cross-cultural communication, bridging this gap requires curiosity and a reflective approach, allowing us to move beyond preconceived ideas and see the world from another's viewpoint. This openness fosters more accurate and empathetic communication as cultures shape our ways of thinking and interacting in ways that might initially feel foreign but ultimately offer invaluable insights into the human experience.​

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/28/2024 16:25:47
Subject: observation and interpretation
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Please see Victoria Izquierdo’s posting on the film Japanese Story. Please see it as an excellent example of her observations. 

For the next step, the key is raising the question of how so.

When you raise the how so question meaningfully after every phrase, you reflect on the words you used, thus developing your interpretation.

Observation and Interpretation are two sides of the same coin. We first observe, reflect on the words you use to describe your observation, and then develop your interpretation.

After an initial observation, it is good to pause and reflect and not make hasty judgments. This is particularly true when interacting with foreign cultures. In Kinky Boots, Charlie Price’s success is due to his curiosity and ability to observe Lola, not judge, and reflect on everything new to him. It is how we make sense of the ”other” (please Google).

We are navigating and negotiating the unknown and making sense of each other by observation and interpretation.

Sanjiv

OBSERVATION, INTERPRETATION, REFLECTION, DESCRIBE, DEVELOP, CURIOSITY, NAVIGATE, NEGOTIATE

from the fishbowl...

victoriaizquierdo

Posts: 64

Joined: Sun Sep 08, 2024 3:57 pm

Contact: Contact victoriaizquierdo

Re: Assignments: Victoria Izquierdo

Post by victoriaizquierdo » Tue Oct 15, 2024 11:26 am

"ways of seeing"

Sandy: At first, she sees Japan mainly as a job and struggles to understand the culture. Her Western background makes her feel frustrated and isolated. However, as she gets to know Hiromitsu, her views start to change. She begins to move past stereotypes and gains a better understanding of the culture and herself.

Hiromitsu: As a Japanese businessman, he has a reserved and traditional outlook. His view of the world is shaped by social expectations and cultural norms. At first, he interacts with Sandy out of duty, but as their relationship grows, he starts to show a more personal and emotional side.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/26/2024 13:02:31
Subject: the observer and the observed
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

John Berger (please Google), in a much-loved book, 'About Looking' (1991), wrote about a 'way of looking' that connects the observer and the observed through the 'net of meaning' we all are immersed in, as inhabitants and co-creators of culture and society.

In the fishbowl, we are indeed connected as observers and observed. I’m looking at you, looking at me, looking at you. We’re doing this by our collective postings, which we know by clicking on Active Topics every time we enter the fishbowl. We forge a society and culture through the meaning we create from reading into the meaning of words and doing Google searches.

In the fishbowl, we are suspended in webs of meaning we have spun. Therefore, analyzing the fishbowl is not science in search of universal truth but an interpretive one in search of meaning by the viewer—please Google ‘interpretivism.'

What the fishbowl means to you is a significant question.

How do we construct meaning in the things we do and say?

It takes imagination and a bit of skill. For example...

Please look at Grace DeLuca’s reflections on hyperreality below. She begins her process of understanding the meaning of the word hyperreal. She goes to the source, dictionaries, and search engines...screening and scrolling. 

She will share her self-created understanding of the hyperreal in the next project she works on. It's the one with a million bucks riding on it. In the meantime, she builds her cultural capital, brick by brick. Please visit her space. She is destined to lead the way through the morass in the world.

In the last paragraph of her posting below, Grace juxtaposes her understanding of the hyperreal with her experience and knowledge in the fishbowl.

In this way, she can describe her experiences in conceptual terms. She tells her lived experience in the fishbowl in abstract terms. This is developing a 'voice' from 'lived abstraction.’ 

Abstracting from experience is the mental process of forming abstract concepts and understanding complex information that isn't directly observable or experienced. It's a higher-order thinking skill essential for critical thinking, problem-solving, and fluid intelligence.

And so we construct meaning in what we say and do...this fall Saturday morning.

Sanjiv

VOICE, SHARE, MORASS, CONSTRUCT, FORM, ABSTRACT, CONCEPT

from the fishbowl...

gracedeluca

Posts: 73

Joined: Sat Sep 07, 2024 8:34 am

Contact: Contact gracedeluca

Re: Google Searches

Post by gracedeluca » Mon Oct 21, 2024 4:38 pm

Hyperreal:

"An inability of consciousness to distinguish reality from a simulation of reality, especially in technologically advanced postmodern societies.[1] Hyperreality is seen as a condition in which what is real and what is fiction are seamlessly blended together so that there is no clear distinction between where one ends and the other begins.[2] It allows the co-mingling of physical reality with virtual reality (VR) and human intelligence with artificial intelligence (AI).[2]" (Jean Baudrillard)

- Hyperreality hinders one's ability to differentiate between a true reality and a mimicked reality, in societies that utilize advanced technology. With hyperreality there is a combination of fiction and reality, restricting one from creating a distinction between the two. It is the mixture of the physical and virtual with concepts like artificial and human intelligence.

"In the realm of societal understanding, the philosophical concept of hyperreality, introduced and cultivated by Jean Baudrillard, serves as a distinctive framework for deciphering the metamorphosis of reality in the era of digitization. Hyperreality, by Baudrillard’s definition, represents a condition where the distinction between the ‘real’ and the simulated blurs, as the simulacrum (the copy or image) no longer refers to any original reality, but functions as ‘reality’ in its own right." (Medium)

- Hyperreality is important in the digital age when there is a transition in the scope of reality. It allows an individual to understand this change. Hyperreality makes it difficult to identify the difference between what is real and what is simulated. This is because the simulation become real in its own way.

These two short excerpts point to a fundamental aspect of hyperreality, which is the inability to distinguish between something that is real and something that is simulated on a digital forum. As the first excerpt explains, they blend together to a degree in which no clear differences are noticeable. However, as the second excerpt explains, the virtual or fictional recreation becomes its own version of a reality. At their core, they communicate the same principal idea, but offer different explanations for why hyperreality is a complex subject.

Distinction - "a difference between two similar things." (Cambridge Dictionary)

Blur - "to make the difference between two things less clear, or to make it difficult to see the exact truth about something." (Cambridge Dictionary)

vs

Blend - "to mix or combine things together, or to mix or combine with something else, to make one substance." (Cambridge Dictionary)

- In the fishbowl we create a hyperreality, where we are distinct from a normal reality, yet are blurred at the same time. Our interactions such as viewing each others posts through the active topics tab is functional only on a digital landscape, however this aspect of conversation is closely aligned with that of a normal classroom. In addition, the letters represent an ongoing discussion that is developed as new concepts emerge.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/24/2024 17:11:22
Subject: aesthetic response (MGT448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I know many of you are lost on the high seas. I can see you in my telescope. 

First and foremost, we will have our scheduled Thursday class in real-time at 5 pm in Ballantine Hall. It will be a watershed and a turning point, so please make it happen.

“Good metaphors,” she whispered.

So, before our meeting tomorrow, let me explain what I perceive the situation to be.

Many of us are experiencing cognitive dissonance (please Google), and the most significant danger it poses is withdrawal. So hang in there is the best advice.

We construct mental structures to make sense whenever we are overwhelmed with information. “Mental structures are similar to metaphors," she exclaimed excitedly. 

Below is an example of building structures, which emerge in my mind because I am immersed in the text. This is important to realize: immersion in text and social reflexivity. 

Structures are primarily invisible, and they manifest in our choice of words. "That is why we are sorting, sifting, selecting, and substituting," she explained back to me.

I. The Act of Reading: Aesthetic Responses in the Fishbowl (please Google Wolfgang Iser)

The text in my letters represents a potential effect realized in the reading process. Reading is, therefore, the focal point in a digital environment like the fishbowl, for it sets in motion a whole chain of activities that depend on the exercise of certain basic human faculties. 

Doing Vocabulary, Google Searches and Felt Experiences in the Fishbowl sums up your act of reading and writing about experiences felt in the Fishbowl and when watching the movies.

2. Paradigm Shift in the Fishbowl

Paradigm shifts in education refer to fundamental changes in the way we view and carry out the learning process. Traditional paradigms that focus on factual knowledge, academic achievement, and teacher-centred learning have proven insufficient to prepare young people for a changing world.

New Narrative is a movement and theory of experimental writing launched in San Francisco in the late 1970s by writers and novelists Robert Glück and Bruce Boone. 

New Narrative strove to honestly represent subjective experience without pretense that a text can be objective or its meaning is fluid.

New Narrative moved toward a hybrid aesthetic that emphasized, according to Glück, “the ways language conveys silence, chaos, undifferentiated existence, and erects countless horizons of meaning.”

“Countless horizons of meaning,” she gasped.

New Narrative offers the frame 'text-metatext’ (please Google) for the fishbowl, i.e., a text that constantly relates to and comments on itself from the present. Your postings in the fishbowl have this characteristic of constantly relating to itself in the moment of writing whenever you deconstruct (please Google Derrida and deconstruction) the original text..

3. The Bottom Line

Carefully Select a paragraph from your Search. 

Deconstruct the meaning by Substituting words.

Relate phrases from your paragraph above to your Felt Experience in the fishbowl and Interpretations of the films.

Practicing the above process will make you an A in the course. The Assignments are always about practicing the method or process.

4. What does this have to do with the International Dimensions of Business?

Linking your lived abstractions in the fishbowl with incidents in the films (moving images) will set you in the frame of mind for successfully dealing with foreign mental structures and bringing the signed contract home.

The next subject area is how to make these linkages between disparate mental structures. More when we meet.

I hope to see you tomorrow at 5 pm. Your attendance/absence has nothing to do with your grade.

Sanjiv

FRAME, METATEXT, POTENTIAL, EFFECT, HYBRID, AESTHETIC, CONVEY, DISPARATE, HORIZON

forward MGT345

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/24/2024 17:08:05
Subject: images, words, metaphors, symbols, and their structures
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Please take a look at the pictures below.

Our mental structures form our view of the world. 

We create mental structures with words. 

Sentence structures and their meanings. 

Word-images and their symbols. 

Our structures create psychological and physical spaces that allow exchange and value. 

We are culturally socialized from birth. 

In the films, you see examples of mental structures represented by words, symbols, metaphors, and images. 

You are looking at different mental structures intersecting and, when managed skillfully, leading to extraordinary results.

We are 'picking up' (image, word, symbol, metaphor) on the skills to bring the 'signed contract' (metaphor, image, word, symbol) home.

Sanjiv

STRUCTURE, SPACE, CREATE

Mental Structures

<IMG_1835.jpg>

The meaning of a word

<IMG_1836.jpg>

One word at a time into the unknown

<IMG_1838.jpg>

Looking at yourself, looking at yourself (reflexivity)

<IMG_1840.jpg>

Sent from my iPhone

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/8/2024 12:42:00
Subject: Assignment: creating Knowing and Knowledge
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

ASSIGNMENT: 

"To make a paradigm shift is not a trip to the park. We are looking for transformation."

Please open this thought in the two statements above and reassemble them for a deeper understanding. 

Follow the steps we have developed thus far, and please relate them to your experience in the course.

Thank you.

Tip: You are constructing Understanding and Meaning through abilities of Observation and Interpretation. You are Creating this for your Knowing and Knowledge and Sharing it in the 'open space' of the community.

Sanjiv

KNOWING, KNOWLEDGE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/7/2024 14:53:01
Subject: practicing the process
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

I know a lot of text has been sent your way, and at the minimum, you are overwhelmed. I hope I have addressed your fears in this letter.

Please take a look at Andrew Coucci’s posting this morning. It is what you are being asked to do all semester. 

To practice this process, and your outcome is the product.

Practicing the process! 

The more you do it, the better you get at it. 

Better at what, you might ask? 

At separating your observatory and interpretive skills. 

Why is that necessary, you might ask again? 

The core of intercultural awareness (awareness of differences) is learning to separate observation from interpretation (Hofstede).

You are observing words and interpreting them.

Picking them out and interpreting them.

When around 100 participants in a fishbowl are practicing a process, the process is the product they are developing.

And what of the outcome of the process (which is the product you have been developing)?

We take the outcome, an accumulation of your attention to self-chosen concepts during the semester,

and abstract from them. 

That is, we step back, look at our accumulations, and reduce the entirety into a paragraph.

For evaluation and assessment of our semester-long work, we intend to submit our abstract to leading experts for acceptance as original thought and knowledge.

Pretty ambitious, you might ask?. Quite right!

Sanjiv

OVERWHELM, ADDRESS, OBSERVATION, INTERPRETATION, SEPARATE

from the fishbowl...

andrew coucci

Posts: 28

Joined: Mon Sep 09, 2024 2:53 pm

Contact: Contact andrew coucci

Re: Assignments

post by andrew coucci » Mon Oct 07, 2024 9:35 am

Social Ontology is a branch of philosophy that studies the nature of social reality and the kinds of entities that exist within it. It examines how social phenomena, such as institutions, relationships, and collective behaviors, come into being and how they function.

Word Pool: Entity, Collective, Construct, Phenomenon, Relation, Reality, Interaction, Institution, Society, Framework, Norm, Identity, Agency, Structure, Context, Meaning, Foundation.

Restructured Sentence Using The Word Pool: Social ontology is a field of philosophy that investigates the nature of social reality and the kinds of entities that exist within it. It explores how social constructs like institutions, relationships, and collective identities are formed and how they function.

To revise the paragraph, I pinpointed essential terms associated with social ontology and replaced them with synonyms from the given word pool. My aim was to preserve the original meaning while improving the text's clarity and flow. I made substitutions such as changing "studies" to "explores," "kinds" to "types," "phenomena" to "constructs," "relationships" to "relations," and "behaviors" to "identities." This method enabled a concise rephrasing that maintained the core essence of the original content.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/5/2024 21:58:37
Subject: the how of reflexive leadership
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Grace Deluca has demonstrated below that she has understood “reflexive leadership.”

She gets a well-deserved A-

I’m a straight-A student, she informed me once.

How do you get a straight A grade?

To address that, I’m reproducing her last paragraph and raising the How So question within her text (this is done only after her first round of understanding the concept of reflexive leadership). We are engaging with text, and we are not in a rush as we pace the floor because there might be a million bucks riding on this.

Several times in my life, I have implemented reflexive leadership, and just as often, I have failed to do so. 

I often make calls at my part-time job based on my instincts (How So? Research the word Instinct). 

However, I am always so unsure of my ability (give an example, look up ability) 

to make judgment calls (provide an example, look up judgment) 

that I hesitate and make poor decisions (Give Example). 

The more I realized this about myself, the more I began to work around this hindrance (How so? Give an example) 

and use my knowledge instead.

So here are the steps:

1. You select a paragraph from a Google search for a word/concept like Reflexivity.

2. From the above paragraph, identify keywords (your choice) and look them up in the dictionary. 

Gather all the words like fallen leaves.

3. You simplify and express the original paragraph by substituting words from the above collection. Consider it developing a photographic snapshot of the original paragraph, the landscape.

There is no right/wrong, and there is only your substitution of words and expressions for understanding a complex world. Grace Deluca has done so excellently; her understanding of ‘reflexive leadership, but...Finally, the question is, how so? How come? Here, you give examples, taking your reader down where the rubber meets the road. You return to the paragraph and ask how so after every expression. 

You are thinking through, and polishing lived examples to further the understanding of your audience/readers. 

You are the teller and not the told. 

Your thinking is your creative imagination, and your writing is an extension.

Please google the book Reflexive Leadership: Organising in an Imperfect World.

by Martin Blom, Mats Alvesson, and Stefan Sveningsson

Be a reflexive leader. In the movie Kinky Boots (MGT448), Charlie Price’s business success is an excellent example of Reflexive leadership, leading his business to fantastic success. 

Sanjiv

REPRODUCTION, ENGAGE, SUBSTITUTE, EXPRESS,

from the fishbowl...

gracedeluca

Posts: 38

Joined: Sat Sep 07, 2024 8:34 am

Contact: Contact gracedeluca

Re: Google Searches

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Unread post by gracedeluca » Thu Oct 03, 2024 8:28 pm

reflexive leaders:

"Involves self-awareness, introspection, and continuous learning and growth to make better decisions, enhance leadership skills, and improve team performance." (Harvard Business School)

"A reflexive thinker will automatically self-assess and react to the circumstances as they are happening. They will know themselves well and will look inwardly as well as outwardly (Parenta)

- Self-awareness - an awareness of one's own personality or individuality (Merriam Webster Dictionary)

- Self-assess - to determine the importance, size, or value of (Merriam Webster Dictionary)

- Continuous - without pauses or interruptions (Cambridge Dictionary)

- Leadership - the act or instance of leading (Merriam Webster Dictionary)

- Performance - how well something or someone does at an activity or piece of work (Cambridge Dictionary)

Reflexive leadership is a style of authority that involves attuning to yourself in order to pick among alternatives or make important determinations. These leaders hastily respond to their external environments because they understand who they are internally. They use this familiarity to address the roadblocks they encounter.

There have been several times in life where I have implemented reflexive leadership and just as many where I have failed to do so. At my part-time job, I often make calls based on my instincts. However, I am always so unsure of my ability to make judgment calls that I hesitate and make poor decisions. The more I realized this about myself, the more I began to work around this hindrance and use my knowledge instead.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/3/2024 21:28:26
Subject: PLEASE KEEP THIS INFORMATION IN MIND
------------------------------------------------------------
Please promote this funding opportunity to your undergraduate students ready to begin an independent project.

Undergraduate students can APPLY through October 28.

The Office of Undergraduate Research and Innovation provides funding for undergraduate students to participate in original research or creative or artistic projects of their own design. All full-time and part-time undergraduate students in good standing are eligible. These projects require supervision by a faculty mentor.

To apply for a grant, a student (or group of up to three students) will submit a project description and budget, along with a letter of support from a faculty mentor. Before applying, students should refer to our more detailed application instructions.

Funding is for the 2024-2025 academic year and must be used by the end of the Spring '25 semester.

Questions? Contact the Office of Undergraduate Research and Innovation at uri2@etal.uri.edu.

To learn more, visit the Office of Undergraduate Research and Innovation. 

MORE DETAILS AND TO APPLY

<URI2 digital display September 2024 SM.jpeg>

Office of Undergraduate Research & Innovation

Carothers Library, Room 270 

o 401.874.9191 | web (URI)2 | uri2@etal.uri.edu

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/3/2024 18:21:22
Subject: learning is an act of courage
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Right now, we have jumped off a cliff, holding hands as we enter the unknown world we call the Fishbowl.

Thus far, we have been exposed to, experiencing, and grappling with the following notions:

slow read

deep read

communal read

share

select

structure

substitute

juxtapose 

words, elements, entities

metaphor

image

symbol

Words, always words.

Please post the lyrics of the song Never Ending Story from the movie of that name.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2WN0T-Ee3q4

Why don’t you tell me the steps? She retorted impatiently.

Assignment: Learning is an act of courage

As an example, please see Aidan Sullivan introducing us to the notion of Mattering and Savannah Krom to the idea of Aboutness.

This is the first step. 

You are reading, selecting, and sharing a paragraph culled from your Google search. 

You are keeping it short and selecting intuitively.

You are not reading the whole chapter or book.

You intuitively search for the paragraph to chart the path and your subsequent journey.

We are "reflexive leaders" (please Google).

Second step.

Next, sort, sift, and select three/four words (concepts, symbols, and images) from your paragraph.

Take Sullivan and Krom’s paragraphs as an example below. You get better at your selections with practice.

Sullivan: matter, agency, significance, role, entity

Krom: fundamental, content, encompass, purpose, relevance

Third step.

Take these words further. You are going deeper. Always do that, and never rush it. That is, look them up in dictionaries. It is engaging with words. Search as research.

Fourth Step.

The challenge is to take your selected words further, step back, look at your collection of words, and form an understanding by writing them out in simple terms.

Fifth Step. 

After understanding, you give meaning to your words by bringing in feelings from your past experiences. 

When you share feelings, you are giving meaning and significance to your words. 

We connect at the level of humanity, the universal, and the general.

There is no right or wrong. There is. Did you do it?

Sanjiv

UNDERSTANDING, MEANING, SIGNIFICANCE, FEELING, HUMANITY, UNIVERSAL, CONNECT

from the fishbowl...

aidansullivan

Posts: 33

Joined: Mon Sep 09, 2024 12:03 pm

Contact: Contact aidansullivan

Re: Google Searches

post by aidansullivan » Thu Oct 03, 2024 11:28 am

"Mattering" is a concept often associated with discussions of agency, significance, and the role of entities (human and non-human) in social and material contexts. It explores how and why certain things, people, or ideas are perceived as significant or "matter" in various situations.

savannahkrom

Posts: 32

Joined: Sun Sep 08, 2024 10:26 am

Contact: Contact savannahkrom

Re: Vocabulary

post by savannahkrom » Wed Oct 02, 2024 1:12 pm

Aboutness: is a term used in library and information science, linguistics, philosophy of language and philosophy of mind. It is a fundamental concept that can refer to the subject matter or topic of a piece of context, such as a text, image, or video. It defines what the content is fundamentally about, encompassing its subject matter, focus, purpose, and intended audience. Understanding the aboutness of content is essential for determining its relevance, organizing information effectively, and ensuring a positive user experience.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/2/2024 13:35:48
Subject: undergraduate research
------------------------------------------------------------
UNDERGRADUATE RESEARCH IN THE COLLEGE OF BUSINESS

The International Academy of Technology, Education, and Development (IATED) promotes international education and university cooperation in Technology and Science.

Students in my courses have presented themselves at IATED conferences. Please see the list of submissions accepted after blind peer review since 2016. 

IATED organizes three annual conferences: INTED, EDULEARN, and ICERI.

The Proceedings of previous conferences are already indexed in the IATED Digital Library, connecting academics, researchers, professionals, and students seeking innovative educational experiences and research projects on education and technology.

The following undergraduate students in my courses co-authored presentations/papers between 2020-2024

▼ Papers published in the EDULEARN24 Proceedings

ASSEMBLING DISPARATE ELEMENTS INTO A COHERENT SYSTEM: THE CONCRETIZATION OF TECHNOLOGICAL INVENTION

S. Dugal, I. Ozuna, S. Gugliotta, D. Demers, C. Guertin, C. Ritchie, A. Nolan, J. Soucier, G. Gustafson, S. Rousseau, S. Sullivan, H. Yafrate, G. Ziegler, S. Glushchenko, F. Perkins, J. Collamore, D. Oliveira, A. Magen, Z. Levesque, A. Tobias, E. Nash, D. Nygren, B. Bethea, P. Hoan, N. Hoogasian, T. Huynh, S. Singh, M. Troiano, R. Singh, J. Walker, S. Penkovsky, L. Leclaire, E. Kearney, I. Akomolafe, M. Coakley, D. Botwinick, J. Fortin, S. McDonald, C. Deletti

▼ Papers published in the INTED2024 Proceedings

GENERATING KNOWLEDGE CONTENT AND KNOWING IN THE AGE OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE

S. Dugal, S. Singh, M. Troiano, R. Singh, E. Sillat, M. Hanna, M. Vancouyghen, N. Gamache, G. Daddio, C. Calise, M. Goeller, M. Sundwall, J. Castro, L. Joseph, A. Ryder, J. Morley, S. Boyer, J. Keeler, E. Papa, A. Merlo, J. Campbell, S. Schindlar, H. Brown, A. Bacik, N. Januario, B. Swajger, O. Surette, P. Gudas, T. Tobin, A. Doran, J. Romero, T. Renzi, M. Lessard, A. Gomez, E. Piel, S. Cardoso, N. Carlino, M. Harmon, G. Isaacson, V. Jones, M. Torres, M. Lasky, N. Debarros, S. Rodriguez, P. Smith

▼ Papers published in the INTED2023 Proceedings

ACTION RESEARCH AND REFLEXIVE METHODOLOGIES FOR ONLINE EVENT PROCESSING

S. Dugal, O. Demoura, E. Sanford, E. Catalan, E. Costa, C. Masiello, J. Puccetti, A. Kozaritz, H. Runci, A. Lee, B. Ellis, T. Kelly, S. Sampson, K. Slawinski, F. Torres, S. Singh, M. Troiano, R. Singh, E. Eaton-Ayres, A. Hogan, L. Abelson, S. Murray, C. Lamountain, C. Rodriguez, H. Marney, S. Melia

▼ Papers published in the EDULEARN22 Proceedings

THE PRODUCTION OF SPACE: ONLINE EXPERIENTIAL LEARNING

S. Dugal, K. Srivichaiin, R. Levesque, R. Coleman, A. Mogauro, P. Ellliott, M. Rizzo, L. Hurley, J. Digrazia, E. Bazile, B. Conti, K. Gauvin, A. Ornberg, M. Bergantine, T. DeJulia, A. Miller, Z. Kent, C. Gosselin, J. Sousa, G. Fawcett, A. Newton, C. Mitchell, H. Pangburn, J. Rosati, D. Casavant, S. Singh, R. Singh

▼ Papers published in the INTED2022 Proceedings

CONSTRUCTING SOCIAL SPACES FOR EFFECTIVE LEARNING AND AESTHETIC RESPONSES THROUGH REFLEXIVE READING IN VISUAL REALITIES

S. Dugal, E. Torgersen, J. Stack, S. Santa Barbara, T. Murphy, A. Catanzaro, D. Volpe, H. Schmidt, S. Olivo, M. Greene, D. Garcia, N. Stpierre, J. Machado, C. Staples, A. Carollo, J. Cazeau, E. Chratian, S. Scymcyk, S. Watelet, B. Murphy, H. Logue, A. Lavecchia, T. Norbury, C. Auclair, C. Benbenek, A. Brink, J. Hallas, H. Pangburn, T. Sanfilippo, Z. Spinella, M. Bergantine, S. James, M. Baran, M. Capuano, E. Dapprich, R. Murawski, K. Susi, E. Youngs, C. Longworth, C. Morelli, R. Winn, A. Ortega, L. Alvernaz, R. Singh, M. Troiano, S. Singh, P. Boucher

▼ Papers published in the EDULEARN21 Proceedings

NEW PEDAGOGY: ONLINE LEARNING PROCESS AS SEQUENTIAL EVENTS

S. Dugal, A. Barbosa, A. Bikash, A. Botelho, W. Cavaliere, S. Fleser, N. Dougherty, A. Seraichyk, J. Gilman, D. Pawlowski, D. Volpe, H. Veltry, E. Torgersen, L. Waranis, G. Bonaminio, J. Chamberlain, J. Erby, O. Palumbo, C. Sanford, S. Warren, S. Vicedomine, J. Allen, B. Castle, E. Borme, M. Dee, K. Rovella, E. Urban, D. Whitham, S. Singh, M. Troiano, R. Singh, C. Mahoney, M. Horvath

▼ Papers published in the EDULEARN20 Proceedings

IMMERSIVE LEARNING: HEURISTIC DEVICE FOR TRANSMITTING SOCIAL IMAGINARIES

S. Dugal, N. Colicci, A. Bikash, A. Weston, L. Janz, N. Katchen, K. Bugbee, T. Martinez, L. Denicola, L. Cardono, M. Degnan, A. Roberti, O. Palumbo, K. Solomon, S. Wordell, B. Bolofsky, T. Mulligan, A. Lopez, C. Morganelli, B. Matarese, K. Jensen, A. Sullivan, B. Mulligan, D. Jones, N. Amodio, M. Augustine, K. Fasano, R. Forte, H. Mecca, V. Volpe, M. Oppliger, T. Ritacco, M. Boelter, M. Bowman, C. Chen, M. Pelisson, B. Nong, S. Costello, P. Costanzo, Z. Buckley, K. Naranjo, E. Lis, D. Ayrassian, J. Milder, Y. Aloshban, J. Repoza, M. Fuhrman, R. Kattan, C. Hladick, D. Brysch, S. Vicedomine, M. Volpe, D. Meyen, M. Troiano, R. Singh, S. Singh

		

▼ Papers published in the INTED2020 Proceedings

WORKPLACE FRIENDSHIP: A SOCIAL REFLEXIVE EXERCISE

S. Dugal, S. Singh, M. Troiano, R. Singh, Z. Fontes, Z. Buckley, B. Bolofsky, S. Schultheiss, E. Orr, H. Nathanson, J. Milder, B. Higgins, C. Ciccone, N. Faiss, N. McGowan, K. Naranjo, C. Xiao, C. Pihery, J. Young, L. Sneyd, M. Oppliger, C. Machado, J. Downing, C. Crawford, D. Chagnon, K. Bergantine, V. Baez, I. Moak, J. Day, B. Hoang, J. Watson, E. Tan, M. Osmanski, N. McGowan, C. Holmes, S. Wynne, S. Dwyer, S. Dolan, A. DeGiacomo, M. Cole, V. Cheslo, A. Capasso, L. Benco, K. Blake, J. Asselin, M. Beck, C. Allen

ENGAGEMENT AND EXPRESSION: CONSTRUCTING MEANINGFUL KNOWLEDGE-CONTENT

S. Dugal, S. Singh, M. Troiano, R. Singh, S. Chu, J. Pusateri, A. Lopes, B. Rexter, M. Falaye, A. Melby, E. Milich, A. Coristine, A. Audate, M. Barry, M. Thibodeau, N. Katchen, N. Gustafson, J. Hausherr, P. Costanzo, A. Symons, Q. Logan, B. Schiffer, C. Sousa, C. Rigoliosi, M. Hernandez, K. Kertanis, O. Salvucci, R. Reynolds, J. Repoza, M. Restrepo, C. Regalbuto, J. Trovato, D. Garcia, N. Farrales, J. St.Onge, E. Flynn, R. Stone, M. Howe, J. Underwood, N. Stephenson, M. Volpe, N. Mollicone, Z. Katzen, F. Bahre, M. Waleyko, S. Rosa, I. Olczak, N. Middrup, M. Halloran, J. Gibbons, O. Costello, P. Capece

1. ASSEMBLING DISPARATE ELEMENTS INTO A COHERENT SYSTEM: THE CONCRETIZATION OF TECHNOLOGICAL INVENTION

Conference Paper

July 202416th International Conference on Education and New Learning Technologies

Sanjiv DugalIvy OzunaSam Gugliotta[...]Cole Deletti

2. GENERATING KNOWLEDGE CONTENT AND KNOWING IN THE AGE OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE

Conference Paper

March 202418th International Technology, Education and Development Conference

Sanjiv DugalShiv Raj SinghMike Troiano[...]Parker Smith

3. ACTION RESEARCH AND REFLEXIVE METHODOLOGIES FOR ONLINE EVENT PROCESSING

Conference Paper

March 202317th International Technology, Education and Development Conference

Sanjiv DugalOlivia DemouraEvan Sanford[...]Stephen Melia

4. THE PRODUCTION OF SPACE: ONLINE EXPERIENTIAL LEARNING

Conference Paper

July 202214th International Conference on Education and New Learning Technologies

Sanjiv DugalKunsinee SrivichaiinRebecca Levesque[...]Rahoul Singh

5. CONSTRUCTING SOCIAL SPACES FOR EFFECTIVE LEARNING AND AESTHETIC RESPONSES THROUGH REFLEXIVE READING IN VISUAL REALITIES

Conference Paper

March 202216th International Technology, Education and Development Conference

Sanjiv DugalErin TorgersenJillian Stack[...]Portia Boucher

6. NEW PEDAGOGY: ONLINE LEARNING PROCESS AS SEQUENTIAL EVENTS

Conference Paper

July 202113th International Conference on Education and New Learning Technologies

Sanjiv DugalAlana BarbosaAndrew Bikash[...]Milana Horvath

7. IMMERSIVE LEARNING: HEURISTIC DEVICE FOR TRANSMITTING SOCIAL IMAGINARIES

Conference Paper

July 202012th International Conference on Education and New Learning Technologies

Sanjiv DugalNick ColicciAndrew Bikash[...]Shiv Raj Singh

8. ENGAGEMENT AND EXPRESSION: CONSTRUCTING MEANINGFUL KNOWLEDGE-CONTENT

Conference Paper

March 202014th International Technology, Education and Development Conference

Sanjiv DugalShiv Raj SinghMike Troiano[...]Patrick Capece

9. WORKPLACE FRIENDSHIP: A SOCIAL REFLEXIVE EXERCISE

Conference Paper

March 202014th International Technology, Education and Development Conference

Sanjiv DugalShiv Raj SinghMike Troiano[...]Cleo Allen

10. THE ROLE OF RELATIONAL THINKING IN CREATIVE PROCESSES

Conference Paper

July 201810th International Conference on Education and New Learning Technologies

Sanjiv DugalMike TroianoDavid BrunoRahoul Singh

11. FRAGMENTS AND APHORISMS FOR CREATING KNOWLEDGE CONTENT IN DIGITAL SPACE

Conference Paper

July 201810th International Conference on Education and New Learning Technologies

Sanjiv DugalAdam SaluccioOlivia Schlegel[...]Austin Goodness

12. FOLLOWING TRAJECTORIES OF THOUGHT: CREATING NEW MEANING THROUGH DIALOGUE IN DIGITAL SPACE

Conference Paper

March 201812th International Technology, Education and Development Conference

Sanjiv DugalBriana Del GiudiceGabrielle Sachs[...]Michael Troiano

13. PROCESS FOR IDENTIFYING AND FORMULATING ISSUES FOR INQUIRY

Conference Paper

March 201812th International Technology, Education and Development Conference

Sanjiv DugalLauren AdairBenjamin Adamo[...]John Zito

14. THOUGHT-IMAGES AS CULTURAL ARTIFACTS: FORMING A COLLECTIVE IDENTITY IN DIGITAL SPACE

Conference Paper

March 2017International Conference on Education and New Learning Technologies

Sanjiv DugalRahoul SinghRobert Kinder[...]Darien Strassfield

15. CRITICAL PARTICIPATION AND WRITING THROUGH STRUCTURED DIALOG

Conference Paper

March 2017International Technology, Education and Development Conference

Sanjiv DugalEmma CalcagnoCharles Bedell[...]Louis Martocchio

16. READING AND WRITING IN THE AGE OF SHORT ATTENTION SPANS

Conference Paper

July 2016International Conference on Education and New Learning Technologies

Sanjiv DugalBrandon BaileyStefanie Carnevale[...]Randy Yiu

17. LEARNING AS CHOICE: INTERACTIVE DYNAMIC DECISION-MAKING

Conference Paper

July 2016International Conference on Education and New Learning Technologies

Sanjiv DugalPaul IturraldeHaley Stamp[...]Yash Vajifdar

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/2/2024 13:34:28
Subject: abstracting the fishbowl
------------------------------------------------------------
OPENING STATEMENT

A. TEACHING PHILOSOPHY AND PROCESS

My feet are firmly planted in the Undergraduate classroom experience. Teaching is my vocation. I am a teacher, first and last. 

I joined the teaching profession in 1971 as a Lecturer in Economics at Delhi University. 

In 1974, I pursued a career in the Indian Civil Service, only to return to teaching in 1980 as a doctoral candidate at UMass, Amherst. Since then, I’ve never left the classroom or missed a semester. 

I. Creating a Fishbowl

My classroom is an online platform, a digital Fishbowl, where participants focus on their habits and actions surrounding reading each other’s selected word images, symbols, and constructed sentence structures rather than reading content in particular Textbooks. We are focused on our reading practice and reading process in a digital world. 

The Fishbowl idea was born of a new analysis for organizing student work, in which value becomes the cognitive and ‘immaterial’ product of creative action and thus escapes the laws of objective valuations. 

In the Fishbowl, we explore the implications of the claim that “we learn to love…not primarily by acquiring information about what we should love but rather through practices that form the habit of how we love.” 

The Fishbowl fosters a “reflective practice” where students become skilled interpreters of the situations they have to deal with. It enables skills of framing and reframing so that we can all learn to see the same problem in different ways, remain open and flexible with multiple meanings, generate new insights, and become comfortable with the paradox that the same situation can mean many things simultaneously. It encourages students to become reflective, creative, and expansive.

A reflective student knows how implicit images, ideas, theories, frames, metaphors, and ideas guide and shape his or her practice and how they can be used to create new possibilities. Please see a Demo co-authored by three students. (The Materials Dossier in Interfolio has 560 pdf files of students’ work in the Fishbowl.)

II. Demonstration: reading process and engaging with words

Ten Steps

We begin “reading” with an opening sentence structure in groups of three. Our reading practice and process are visible to all in the Fishbowl. 

The group agrees that the opening sentence structure serves as a platform from which three individuals venture on a journey, together and apart, of interactive and interfacing search-making, generating subjectivities and inter-subjectivities. 

Step 2, participants gather a pool of synonyms and metonyms from the above sentence structure and agree to stay within that domain of words.

Step 3, participants individually restructure the opening structure, staying within the domain of words gathered in Step 2. 

Step 4, each participant writes a felt experience from their past that “fits” their re-structured sentence.

Step 5, each participant assigns a perceptual category to each other’s felt experiences, including themselves. This generates nine words.

Step 6, the participants jointly create a dichotomy from the nine words in Step 5.

Step 7, participants jointly construct a sentence structure from the dichotomy.

Step 8, participants write their experience on the structure in Step 7.

Step 9, participants share their perceptual categories of each other’s experiences described in Step 8.

Step 10, participants reflect upon their insights and realizations.

Demo in Ten Steps

Step I: Opening Structure

“Metaphors only have an impact when they “ring true,” “hit a chord,” and “resonate” around fundamental insights.”

Step 2: Word Pool

Metaphor - analogy, image, symbol, pattern, picture

Impact - burden, impression, influence, meaning, repercussion 

Ring true - sound right, seem legitimate, have a ring to it

Catch on - ascertain, confirm, determine, divine, verify, disseminate, promote, assert

Resonate - echo, reverberate, vibrate, oscillate

Fundamental - central, constitutional, crucial, elemental, essential, principal

Insight - acumen, intuition, judgment, observation, understanding, vision, wisdom

Steps 3/4: Individual Restructures and Felt- experiences

1. “Images only have an influence on people when they seem legitimate and echo around a central vision.”

There are a lot of ideas out there that a lot of people seem to not be able to grasp because they do not resonate with them. You have to be able to relate an idea to someone to make it work for them. I look at the example of sports and how it can have a great influence on the lives of people. It can impact lives in so many different ways, but there are some people that the idea of sports does not resonate with them. It is just all based on what people like. Sports is not something that all people can relate to, but those who can relate to it, like myself, it has a profound impact.

2. “Analogies have the greatest amount of meaning when they grab attention of the public, seem legit, and oscillate around an essential vision.”

Examples and analogies create more meaning to people than any other way to communicate to people. I believe if you can grab attention of the public, have correct information, and create a visual, then people will understand better. Example based information grabs more attention to the people and allows them to generate a meaning that will help them create their own meaning. Legit information always generates comfort in people’s eyes and this helps people conclude their decision that analogies create the greatest amount of meaning. In my personal experiences, in math class I would have a better understanding of the material if I was given an example or an analogy that relates to me. If I couldn’t relate it to me, then I wouldn’t have a great understanding of the information being taught.

3. “Pictures can only be influencing if they are compelling and reverberate essential substance.”

The initial structure makes use of words from the semantic field of music. In my opinion especially music is an art where metaphors and analogies are frequently used. I listen to a lot of American Rap music or Old School Hip Hop. Metaphors are not only used but also an indicator of quality in hiphop/rap songs. The more compelling the punchline the more respect is shown to the artist. Metaphors are very powerful. They can strengthen an insult but also underline a positive phrase.

Step 5:Perceptual categories (9)

Impact/Material/Powerful

Profound/Greatest/Positive 

Grasp/Attention/Indicator

Step 6: Dichotomy

Impact/Indicator

Step 7: Creating a structure from the dichotomy

“A good indicator of how well someone gets a topic is by seeing the impact it has on them.”

Step 8: Participants’ Experiences on the new structure

1. This is something I see a lot in classes. If I do not fully grasp the subject or care for it that much, then it does not leave a long, resounding impact on me. But then there are the classes that I fully grasp and care about. Those are the ones that leave an impact on me. Those are the ones that I realize that I can take with me in the future. I can use those lessons every day to better myself. Whether it be bettering myself in the working world or my own life, those classes impact me.

2. The impact is important to tell if someone is a good indicator. If the effect is good then it shows that the indicator is good and shows that it is trustworthy. An indicator is something that shows information about something. In my life, a measuring tape is a good indicator to measure with because the impact that is displayed is correct. I trust a tape measurer to measure things, which makes me rely on this good indicator. This allows people to get the topic since the indicator has an impact of the truth. This impact is important because indicators are useful in everyone’s daily life.

3. Everything has impact on us. The impact can be seen as a consequence of our understanding of something. School grades are a very transparent indicator of impact. The grades reflect how well someone engages with content that is broad toward him/her. Sometimes it is not a good indicator though. In school I have witnessed a lot of unfair grading in my life. People who put much effort into a project were not rewarded for it. And people who tried to manipulate the grading system got away with it. What I think at some point is that we may study for good grades but we learn for life. And that is something one cannot manipulate.

Step 9: Perceptual Categories

Grasp/Trustworthy/Consequence

Lessons/Correct/Witness 

Care/Measure/Unfair

Step 10: Realization and Insight

1. Considering this is the last algorithm we have done together, it has gone very smoothly. We have gotten better at them each time, and our felt experiences have become more personalized each time. Our group has become very cohesive and done great work together. We interpret things differently since we come from different places, but even though we are different, we work very well together. I think that is what is essential about all of this. You need other people to work together to get the best work. If you have people who are all the same, you will get the same ideas, and nothing original or unique will come of it.

2. This is the fifth algorithm we have done in the Fishbowl. I have noticed that our experiences are different since we are other people. Interestingly, people can all think of various things all coming from the same sentence. Our felt experiences are coming along great, much better than the first one we did when we started. I also have noticed from doing this algorithm is that our group works together really well. We had good synergy when we first started working together, but now I think we work well together.

3. What I realized within the whole process of doing the steps is that everything is a matter of perspective. Communities just like our fishbowl are networks where these perspectives converge. The felt experiences in all algorithms we have done in teamwork are stories derived from the same structure. It’s just a different angle every individual looks at the structure. That is what learning is about for me.

Conclusions by the Participants

Creativity is the behavior that animates the innovative process. We started by selecting a structure of words, a syntax, or a sentence to enter the unknown. From this starting point, we took one step (one word) forth into the unknown, checked this word out in all its manifestations through self-reflection, and then stepped back and “looked” at what we got and then we selected a course of action (which is to substitute the word). When repeated, this sequence is a proven method [3] for navigating an uncertain world.

Please see the Video around here.: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KF3yPG7Yj0c&t=31s 

The video shows participants’ research-making as a discursive practice based on critical thinking and dialogue. The Demo in Ten Steps above is an example of “research-making” as a signifying practice that generates, mediates, and produces social meaning, especially in the context of networking and social media.

 

“In today’s highly transparent world, where everything is published, shared, and therefore commented, it is challenging to focus on relevant matters and evaluate them critically. It has become an even more important skill to switch perspectives when looking at things in general. I have a friend who believes almost everything that comes on TV. It can be crazy news stories or even commercials. He takes everything that is said on TV for granted. If Reese’s Puffs are referred as the best Peanut Butter Chocolate cereals, they are the best. He would buy them the next time he is grocery shopping. From my opinion, this is questionable. We should rather use our human mind to evaluate anything that we are confronted with.” (Participant)

References

1. R.Somerson (Editor,), M. Hermano (Editor), John Maeda (Forward by), “The Art of Critical Making: Rhode Island School of Design on Creative Practice.” Wiley, 2013

2. S. Dugal, M.Eriksen, “Understanding and Transcending Team Member Differences: A Felt-Experience Exercise.” Journal of Management Education, 2004

3. Charles F. Kiefer and Leonard A. Schlesinger with Paul B. Brown. “Action Trumps Everything: Creating What You Want in an Uncertain World.” Black Ink Press, 2010.

III. Premise: Accumulating Attention when Engaging with Words

We increasingly live in an “attention economy” rather than an “information economy.” By the 2000s, so much information was being generated worldwide that only a tiny fraction (0.5% in 2015) of the digital data generated was being analyzed.

The attention economy refers to strategies to capture our attention and maintain profitability. Attention is a currency; like our time, energy, and money, we choose how to spend it. Davenport and Beck (2001) first define the "economics of attention" as an approach to knowledge management that treats human attention as a scarce commodity and applies economic theory to solve various management problems.

In the Fishbowl, we focus on practices that help participants resist transactional approaches to reading. We discuss strategies encouraging readers to prepare for and engage in communion around a text. By framing text as an ongoing conversation, we develop openness and generosity habits that form the individuals and the Fishbowl.

In other words, attentive reading processes in the digital age of AI require a redefined reading process, which includes reflections on the act of reading, communal reading, and discussion strategies devoted to knowledge creation.

Reflecting on one’s reading process:

* What do your reading habits in the fishbowl tell you and others about what you are doing and why?

* How do you relate emotionally to ideas, language, characters, and stories evoked in the fishbowl?

* How can you grow in genuine appreciation for the texts you read in the fishbowl?

* What aspects of the fishbowl helped you to develop ethical practices in other areas of your life?

IV. Assessment and Evaluation

My teaching suggests new economic logic and strategies governed through accumulating attention. 

Students create original and valuable content to succeed in the attention economy, use social media effectively, and leverage influencer marketing. 

Measuring success in the attention economy requires defining success metrics and using the right tools to measure them.

My assessment emphasizes the finite resource of engagement (with words) and its importance in our personal lives, culture, and economy.

The following are Measurable, Observable, and Performed by the student:

* Knowledge

* Concept

* Skill

* Attitude

* Action

BEGINNING (B grade) 

You have basic knowledge and skills. The student charters the vocabulary. 

DEVELOPING (B+)

You are making conceptual connections. Search as research. 

ACHIEVING (A-)

You have acquired knowledge and skills, made conceptual connections, and developed new learning. Original thought.

EXCELLING (A)

You apply knowledge and skills beyond grade-level expectations and demonstrate self-initiated action in unfamiliar situations. You are self-motivated and an independent learner.

B. RESEARCH ENGAGEMENT, STRATEGIES, AND ACTIVITY IN A DIGITAL FISHBOWL

The Fishbowl is a digital research site for undergraduate students. We are a community of researchers investigating business societies and international cultures. Our research activity, engagement, and strategies are centered on learning and innovation among ourselves in the Fishbowl. For myself, research as engagement and research strategies shifted in the 1990s. It was no longer Publish or Perish, but Demo or Die! Along with the likes of Linda Smircich and Marta Callas, David Boje, Heather Hopfl, and Gareth Morgan, my strategies for social research have evolved.

In the Fishbowl, we construe ourselves as an interdisciplinary research lab working to invent the future of augmented reality, social networks, behavioral science, ecology, performance, interactive systems, marginalized perception, social justice, collective intelligence, long-term interaction, algorithms, gender studies, culture, decision-making, misinformation, artificial intelligence, art, design, human-machine interaction, teaching-learning, architecture, space. 

Please see the genesis and prototype of the Fishbowl in the paper, “The Depth of an Examined Relationship is Matched by an Expanse of Understanding and Feeling: Management Passion in the New Millennium,” Presentation by matt & sanjiv, of matt & sanjiv, for matt & sanjiv. Copyright Letters to Matt, @dugal,1999.

Students in the Fishbowl have been demonstrating and presenting at the iated.org/inted and iated.org/edulearn conferences since 2000. These standing conferences are international and accredited; our submissions are peer-reviewed and blind. The IATED Academy, website: iated.org, emphasizes the same research goals and objectives as the Fishbowl.

The research undertaken by undergraduates is about their creative process when working hands-on with text (words) and metaphor (images). As students, we are immersed in a culture of “critical making,” in which text and image combine to envision and create essential objects, experiences, and meanings. Our value extends far beyond the Fishbowl. Our research is significant to anyone seeking to contextualize, navigate, and transform increasingly complex cultures, structures, and networks. My Materials dossier with Interfolio, with over 400 PDFs, bears testimony. 

The Fishbowl nurtures creative practice, from initial spark to finished outcome. In our in-depth accounts, you will discover methods and tools that generate your own “critical-making,” helping you to:

* Frame critical questions through an iterative process

* Apply hands-on embodied approaches to your problems

* Enhance your seeing through closer looking

* Meet uncertainty with flexibility

* Evaluate and articulate the significance of your own work

* Generate ethical responses to global issues

Our exchange in letters and postings in the Fishbowl gradually become small conceptual “work groups” of shared reflection and common knowledge.

Globalization has led to a shared digital world without boundaries or escape. We are bound to this universe, exposed to its control and misconduct. In this circumstance, we must learn the art of self-rule and create enduring models of social interaction among ourselves as singular individuals. Forms that are self-governing, egalitarian, and autonomous. 

According to Antonio Negri, such forms between singular beings are imaginable and possible only because we share and participate in the “common.”

By “common, “ we mean the results of the social output, like in the Fishbowl, such as knowledge, text, codes, information, affect, subjectivity, and intersubjective spaces. In other words, the vocabulary necessary for social interaction. This definition shifts focus to interaction, care, and cohabitation practices in a shared world, promoting the beneficial and limiting the detrimental forms of the “common.” 

So much of our world is shared and open to all, and it is developed through active participation, expression, creativity, and communication.

The Fishbowl is a semester-long project about the “common” we develop during the semester. This shared “common” cuts diagonally across false, arbitrary alternatives and opens a new language, vocabulary, and grammar instead. During the semester, participants work on vocabulary and construct structures that correspond to this notion of the “common.” The “common” that affects us in the Fishbowl is expressed by understanding concepts and creating new categories.

C. COMMUNITY SERVICE: SOCIAL PRACTICE AND RESPONSIBILITY

My contributions to Community Service is not a given set of performances but a social practice, as you see develop among my students in their documentaries and YouTube videos.

I served on the Undergraduate Research Committee at the University and represented the College of Business’ undergraduate research. 

My service activity is to archive footprints in digital space where students express their learning outcomes on YouTube. 

I have built a YouTube community based on memory, image, and experience—an intersubjective space among undergraduate alumni, forever changing and growing across generations. Please review my videos in the light of social networking and media subcultures.

Digital literacy is one of the central problems of participatory cultures. Along with my students, I endeavor to contribute to a participatory culture in the college. This requires dealing with specificity and scale, presenting epistemological and methodological challenges.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/2/2024 13:32:08
Subject: aboutness
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

I am sending two files, which are a heads-up for you on what we are about in the fishbowl and what to expect during the semester.

Sanjiv

ABOUTNESS (please Wikipedia)

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/29/2024 21:23:32
Subject: Management Passion in the New Millennium (reproduced the attachment in the previous letter)
------------------------------------------------------------
THE DEPTH

		OF AN EXAMINED RELATIONSHIP 

		

		IS MATCHED

		BY THE EXPANSE

		OF UNDERSTANDING AND FEELING:

Management Passion in the New Millennium

Presentation 

by matt & sanjiv, 

of matt & sanjiv, 

for matt & sanjiv.

 	 

 	Copyright, Letters To Matt, @dugal, 1999

Prologue

Midway, this way of life we’re bound upon

I woke to find myself in a dark wood,

Where the right road was wholly lost and gone.

Aye me, how hard to speak of it,

The rude and rough and stubborn forest,

The mere breath of memory stirs the old fear in the blood.

But when, at last, I stood beneath a steep hillside,

Which closed the valley’s wandering maze,

Whose dread had pierced me to the heart root deep.

Then I looked up and saw the morning rays

Mantle its shoulder from that planet bright

Which guides men’s feet aright

On all their ways.

		(from “Divina Commedia” by Dante Alighieri)

	

		 IN THE FISH-BOWL

Creating this fish-bowl is a performative act. It is a gesture for the continuation of a story... we’re writing as we go along… we do not know where it will lead, nor where it will end…but we know this for sure, it exists in our heads.

		

This is the story of two characters, matt and sanjiv, and the narrative unfolds in new england, at a small university near the ocean…where they’re swimming in a mental fish-bowl, combining Western sensibilities with Eastern ideas…in tryst with purpose, but shunning all direction, except an inner pressure to radicalize. One Viking, the other Sikh, they progress from liberating ego structures, through deeply bled wounds onto downward spirals of hatred and feelings of isolation, and then returning with renewed joy of understanding, forgiveness, and anticipation. Bringing a surging heritage (of bravery in battle) in their bloods, their forays range from existential arguments, to sudden affectionate détentes, and finally onto other arguments. Their relationship mirrors the profound changes in their lifestyles, in their conceptions of work, and of themselves. Determined to move away from conventional categories (of the division between self and other, of the representation of individuality, of established academic standards) in order to reflect a vision of themselves that transcends these boundaries in a new way. The two characters have an odd volatile nature to their wooing…their interactions end suddenly, and generally with puzzled amusement. They improvise, fabricate, and talk about dimensions and chemistry between people… at times their minds almost meet on the same page, until one makes a tiny faux pas that the other sees as shattering…they’re able to maintain this fragility by improvising from moment to moment. That is, they allow themselves to let their personalities and moods influence their performance but not alter the words or circumstances of the scene they enact in their minds…they really have very different ways of thinking, but are able to pass the ball back and forth easily, making for spontaneous fun.

So how do they do this in the fish-bowl? Like their characters, matt and sanjiv can’t agree. “The more I do it,” sanjiv said, “ the more I realize the character is me.” For matt, “it’s a matter of stripping down my defense mechanisms to being that vulnerable again.” Sanjiv countered: “I think for me it’s more building on top of me. I think.”

This interaction ended suddenly, as many interactions between matt and sanjiv, with puzzled bemusement.

Creating a Concept: the Fish-bowl

Instead of the idea of a relationship (like, teacher/student), attached to a real place (like, College of Business at URI), we created the idea of a place, attached to real people, namely, matt-and-sanjiv-in-a-fish-bowl. In this imaginary place, the Fish-bowl, with extraordinary patience and power, through words, we agreed to project awareness and unity of self as the principle theme. 

The Fish-bowl is a meeting place of the mind; it is a metaphysical place. There is no hiding here for matt-sanjiv because they’re simultaneously, observers and observed. 	

It cannot be assumed that the Fish-bowl is a determined, ordered system intelligible to the outsider who can discover the natural laws that govern matt-sanjiv, or that the role of reason is the power guiding matt-sanjiv.

Rationally and empirically, the Fish-bowl has no significance. It can only be seen in terms of the impact that the matt-sanjiv experience will make on its existence.

			

		2.20.99

My Dear Siddharatha,

During our period of estrangement, our inward journey was around doubts as to “who I am” and, “what I stand for,” i.e. who is the authentic self? Am I this, or, am I that? 

Through thought alone, one transcends a situation (of this/that), and thus we transcended our 

situation, comprising of hurt and feelings of insult, by conceiving the fish-bowl. However, to act upon thought, (beginning with the memo allocating matt’s assistantship to sanjiv), is a contingent act… to survive, to live, to be represented. Our contingent act was a gesture demarcating matt-sanjiv representation. Gesture demarcates, and so we conceive of ourselves…

				

The fish-bowl is

 			a contingent act 

a gesture 

 			to exist. 

The betrayal 

of ideas 

is a death 

to being. 

To open one’s mind 

and one’s mental routine 

to the world

is to open one’s heart.

From, 

your very dear friend, Hermann Hesse.

Our Intent: to Play a Unique Role

Our intent is to play a unique role in education: to gain intellect not through verbal discourse per se but through presentation of thought and action; not through involvement with people in an outside world but in a Way Within or an Inward Way that presents world as inner landscape, and so carry out in practice our theme of awareness and unity of self.

Fear of Expressing Feelings

We do not always express Feelings because they’re often Confused, and even Frightening. However, to deny Feelings is to make false, restricted work. To be inauthentic and fake.

In the fish bowl we’re learning to touch Feelings. We touch through expression, i.e. expressing conceptions and perceptions of things, including each other. Particularly, differences like viking/sikh, west/east, physical/ mental, student/teacher,love/hate, and other such dimensions. 

We touch Feelings under public gaze. We have a need to go public with every thing that we say or do.

We’re developing a need to write.

Management Principle 1: Conceiving Ambiguity, Creating Possibility

Ambiguous space is nonhierarchical, horizontal. Its nodes intersect in random, unregulated networks in which any node can interconnect with any other node. We create a new form of rhizomatic knowledge by mixing metaphors. Rhizome is a complex metaphor that contrasts with rooted, 

traditional metaphors, such as, teacher/student. In the fish-bowl, matt-and-sanjiv celebrate their nomadic and schizophrenic qualities. 

We’re motivated to do this because to conceive of ambiguity is to create possibility, and the stronger the ambiguity, the greater is our creativity, and the more powerful our felt-experience.

In the fish-bowl, we’ve created an ambiguious relationship between ourselves: 

we’ve fulfilled all formal requirements (papers, etc.), yet we’re inconclusive about them (grades, etc.); 

we’re not involved in each others research, yet our interaction is research; 

matt is paid fifteen hours/week to assist sanjiv, yet it is sanjiv who assists matt.

The ambiguity in our relationship creates possibility because it allows us to be anything we want. This freedom makes us examine each other in ways we hadn’t been able to see before.

				

Management Principle 2: Creating Myth

The “fish-bowl” is an example of creating a myth. Myth is created inter-subjectively between matt and sanjiv.

“Myth (of matt-sanjiv-in-a-fish-bowl) is a system of communication, it is a message. It is a mode of signification, a form. We assign to this form historical limits, conditions of use, and reintroduce community into it: we must nevertheless first describe it as a form.” (roland barthes)

We use our imagination to describe our form of myth.

The matt-sanjiv form is diasporic ambiguity.

The college of business at URI is percieving and experiencing it.

	Management Principle 3: Create Myth/Intersubjectivity/Intertextuality

Intersubjectivity helps matt-sanjiv to see that most human experience and action goes on between the self and others.

Myth creates Inter-subjectivity; and Inter-subjectivity creates Myth. However, in the fish-bowl the notion of Intertextuality replaces that of Intersubjectivity. “Every text is constructed as a mosaic of other texts, every text is an absorbtion and transformation of other texts” (julia kristeva). Through their intersubjectivity and intertextuality, around the texts of T.E. Lawrence (Lawrence of Arabia), Rainer Rilke (German poet), and Thomas Becket (Archbishop of Canterbury), among others, matt-sanjiv create the myth of the fish-bowl. 

					2.19.99

Dear Matt,

Thank you for expressing feelings so eloquently through the mouth of Mr. Kappus. 

You are Mr. Kappus. 

When reading our exchange of letters, it is evident that one’s authentic self is indeed problematic in a situation where one can be anything one wants. 

		 			We can be friends forever.

Between ourselves: Mr. Kappus, T.E Lawrence, the English, Rilke, Sartre, Hesse, the German, Eriksen, Viking, Siddharatha, Buddha, the Indian, Eakins, the American, Dugal, Sikh, Baudelaire, the French, the West and the East, we’re creating an inter-textuality, an inter-subjectivity, and a shared memory. Indeed, we’re creating our context. We’re laying the foundation. 

Through this labyrinthe lies the inward journey of the subjective self. 

I find your words,“ Even when overcome by feelings of hate, I still knew that our relationship was a source of great knowledge and understanding” to be most telling of our universal condition, because the central problem is not an abstract one, but one of contingency: what we lack is certainty, confidence, sense of purpose to break paradoxical situations like feelings of hate/ and feelings of great understanding. That is, the more I hate, the more I understand, and the more I understand, the more I hate. 

			

If we had more access to our own past, to memory, to inter-textuality and inter-subjectivity, our sense of purpose would be immensely augmented. Hesse’s Steppenwolf expressed this sense of meaning due to re-possession of the past: 

“For moments together my heart stood still between delight and sorrow to find how rich was the gallery of my life, and how thronged the soul of the wretched steppenwolf with high eternal stars and constellations… the kernel of this life of mine was noble. It came of high descent and turned, not on trifles, but on the stars…”(Steppenwolf, Hesse).

From your friend, Sanjiv

Myth/Intersubjectivity/Intertextuality are Inter-connected. 

Inter-connectedness is the understanding that relations, connecting and opposing, exist. 

			Even lies are part of the truth.	

To be Inter-connected is To-Be-Aware-of-Other-Realities, 

i.e. to be aware of opposing myths, metaphors, dimensions, 

and their on-going interactive inter-subjectivities.

“matt-sanjiv-in-the-fish-bowl” are aware of the what, why, whom, and wherefrom concerning their myth.

					2.21.99

Dear Lief Erikson theViking,

One’s position within a relationship, like,Viking-Sikh, has to do with intersubjective interpretation, in other words, position is determined by our past (shared memory), our present (interpretation), and, our future (imagination). 

The activities representing the past, present, and future, are overlapping in the new millennium to the extent of becoming indistinguishable. We’re experiencing confusion, loss of control, etc. In such a situation, how do I determine my sense of self? 

To do so, I reveal a structure, or deconstruct one, or imaginatively construct one…here’s mine: “I was sent to these Arabs as a stranger, unable to think their thoughts or subscribe their beliefs, but charged by duty to lead them forward and to develop to the highest any movement of theirs profitable to England in her war. If I could not assume their character, I could atleast conceal my own, and pass among them without evident friction, neither a discord nor a critic but an unnoticed influence. Since I was their fellow I will not be their apologist or advocate. Today in my old garments, I could play the bystander, obedient to the sensibilities of our theatre…but it is more honest to record that these ideas and actions then passed naturally. What now looks wanton or sadic seemed in the field inevitable or just unimportant routine.” (T.E. Lawrence, Seven Pillars of Wisdom, 1926)

What is our intersubjective interpretation of the above text with regard to us, as Viking-Sikh? Here is a random list of specifics for us to address in the fish-bowl:

 1. locate the fear

 2. build history

 3. zoom in and out

 4. raise the stakes

 5. get specific

 6. explore the underside

Yours truly,

				

Sardar Bahadur Singh the Sikh

Management Principle 4: Experiencing Learning

In the fish-bowl the problem of Being takes precedence over that of Knowing (when acquiring a Ph.D. or anything else). 

“Being cannot be made a subject of objective enquiry; it is revealed to the individual by reflecting on his own unique concrete existence in time and space. Existence is basic: it is the fact of the individual’s presence and participation in a changing and potentially dangerous world. Each self-aware individual understands his own existence in terms of his experience of himself and of his situation. The self of which he is aware is a thinking being which has beliefs, hopes, fears, desires, the need to find a purpose, and a will that can determine his actions.” (sartre)

	Real and Unreal:

We are free to choose between authentic and fake as a form of existence. Freedom distinguishes between “authentic” and “inauthentic” forms of existence. 

In the fish-bowl we distinguish between authentic/fake on the basis of our endeavor to transcend a particular dimension or form. 

This endeavor is the matt-sanjiv form of Authenticity.

We are free to choose our reality.

	

Management Principle 5: Creating Reality as Representational Space

I can represent something (teacher), if you represent the other (student).

You can only represent something (youth), if I represent the other (mid-life).

in this dimension we are bound

Whenever we articulate other dimensions, other myths, other inter-subjectivites, other realities, other representational spaces, we ipso facto create a temporal and spatial disjunction. 

When we articulate the meaning of a new dimension, we experience temporal and spatial disjunction as representational space. 

	Matt & Sanjiv occupy several dimensions, but their spirits are free.

					Viking and Sikh

	

	Reality of Humility/Arrogance

Matt and Sanjiv are inter-connected on the following dimension:

Humility------------------------------------------ Arrogance

Our beings “connect and oppose in relation” to this dimension. 

It is one of several operating realities between us. 

The existence of humility in matt’s being is dependent upon the existence of arrogance in sanjiv’s being; 

and the existence of humility in sanjiv’s being is dependent upon the existence of arrogance in matt’s being.

 We’re hooked.

 		We can be anything we want. It’s all in our heads.

	

Our Method: the Interplay between Verbalized-Thought and Felt-Experience

In the fish-bowl, the interplay between our two distinct identities brought complexity and depth to our respective worlds. We interpreted text (and each-other), as we saw (perceived) and felt (experienced) it. Even as we respect another’s text, we brought our subjectivity to bear upon it. We infused the text with our individual being; not the other way round. The text did not infuse us. 

In other words, we used words as expressions of sensed-thought (felt-experience) rather than as verbalized-thought in promoting the idea of unity above the inner divisions between us. Our interpreted text reveals us and reflects on us.

Example of Verbalized-thought:

“That evening, I found that I had to untangle two different reactions, writing a description of the conversation and, carefully separated, an expression of my feelings as a member of another culture. Each person is calibrated by experience, almost like a measuring instrument for difference, so discomfort is informative and offers a starting point for new understanding. Indeed, what I had seen and heard would not have pushed me to reflection and generalization were it not for the urgency produced by the sense of difference.”

(Mary Catherine Bateson, Peripheral Visions, page 17)

Example of Felt-experience:

In the fish-bowl we found

we had to untangle two processes:

description of the script (between us), 

and carefully separated, 

expression of (our) feelings.

WORDS DESCRIBE, STEP BACK, FEELINGS EXPRESS

We experience difference through the expression of feelings.

Discomfort from difference is Information;

Information is a starting point for new Understanding.

		

EXPERIENCE DIFFERENCE THRU EXPRESSION

	(My) experence, 

Makes (me)

different (from you).

difference (from you)

Makes (me) 

experience (you).

 DIFFERENCE CREATES SOMETHING NEW

The urgency 

produced by our sense of difference

Forces us to 

Reflect and Transcend the situation.

From the above method, what we learned about ourselves and for the practice of management were the following:

Construct a text/written script

express feelings

expressing feelings makes for difference 

sense of difference produces urgency

 			urgency requires us to reflect, and to transcend

			the written text…

Principle activity: create a sense of difference to achieve unity above inner divisions.

It’ All In Our Heads

						Thank you

								Bye…for 

now.

Epilogue

Our revels now are ended,

These are actors, as I foretold you,

We’re all spirits, and are melted into air.

And like the baseless fabric of this vision,

The cloud capp’d towers, the gorgeous palaces,

The solemn temples, the great globe itself.

Yea all which it inherit shall dissolve,

And like this insubstantial pageant faded,

Leave not a rack behind.

We are such stuff, as dreams are made of,

And our little life is rounded,

With a sleep.

(from “The Tempest” by William Shakespeare)

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/29/2024 21:21:49
Subject: Monday class for 345 shifted to Wednesday. Tuesday Class for 448 remains the same
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

I am shifting our Monday get-together for MGT345 to Wednesday at the appointed time and place. Please make a note of it. Instead of Monday's class, we will meet on Wednesday. I am sorry for any inconvenience. 

Tuesday's class for MGT448 will meet as usual.

Assignment: Please read the file I’ve attached on the genesis of the fishbowl.

"Management Passion in the New Millennium.”

From the above file, please google search each of the following terms, deconstruct one paragraph from each search, and relate to your experience in the fishbowl or examples from Strictly Ballroom/KinkyBoots:

1. Symbolic Interactionism

2. Post Structuralism

Sanjiv

GENESIS, DECONSTRUCT (Derrida), RELATE, EXPERIENCE

from the fishbowl...Grace DeLuca’s reflections and insight

gracedeluca

Posts: 32

Joined: Sat Sep 07, 2024 8:34 am

Contact: Contact gracedeluca

Re: Google Searches

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Unread post by gracedeluca » Sat Sep 28, 2024 3:59 pm

Mattering & Luce Irigaray

"Mattering consists of feeling valued and adding value to ourselves and others. By feeling valued, we mean being appreciated, respected, and recognized. By adding value, we mean making a contribution and a difference in the world." (Psychology Today")

"Irigaray emphasizes that an ethical love relationship must be creative independent of procreation and that both men and women need to have a place for themselves (be embodied individuals) that is open to, but not subsumable by, the other." (Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy)

While the idea of mattering and the philosophy of feminist Luce Irigaray might seem unrelated, they are highly connected. Mattering deals with feeling like you mean something to those around you. It is the belief that your actions and presence make a difference to the existence of others. This is a broader concept than Luce Irigaray's explanations. She divided this up into men and women and how their relationship with one another depended on how they viewed each other. To coexist, they each needed to make their place in the world. In the Fishbowl, a similar view comes to life. Each user must create their original work and believe it matters. Much like Luce believed, each user must understand the value of work that is not their own.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/26/2024 18:39:51
Subject: sharing
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

"Mattering” (please Google) is feeling valued and important in our relationships, work, and life. It's a core human need that's important for well-being. 

Whenever we respond in the fishbowl, we do not precisely respond to the other. In this regard we are independent and autonomous. 

Instead, we respond by sharing our selections, substitutions and generating felt experiences.

We are valued because our sharing is being viewed by an audience, i.e., the fishbowl. This is the premise of the fishbowl.

"It’s like becoming global,” she rightly exclaimed.

Talking business, according to Luce Irigaray (please Google): “We cannot share the world as it already is, except for the natural world. The world that we can share is always and still to be elaborated by us and between us, starting from the perception and affirmation of what and who we are as humans here and now.”

Please see John Heyder’s reflections below.

Sanjiv

SHARE, ELABORATE, PERCEPTION, AFFIRMATION, VIEW, AUDIENCE

from the fishbowl...

johnheyder

Posts: 27

Joined: Mon Sep 09, 2024 11:00 am

Contact: Contact johnheyder

Re: Assignments

Post by johnheyder » Tue Sep 24, 2024 11:22 am

Deep reading refers to a focused and immersive approach to reading that emphasizes comprehension, critical thinking, and engagement with the text. Unlike surface reading which may involve skimming for information or quick understanding, deep reading involves attention to detail, critical thinking, emotional engagement, sustained focus and a contextual understanding of the text. Deep reading fosters a deeper appreciation for literature and complex ideas, enhancing retention and enjoyment.

johnheyder

Posts: 27

Joined: Mon Sep 09, 2024 11:00 am

Contact: Contact johnheyder

Re: Assignments

 post by johnheyder » Thu Sep 26, 2024 10:34 am

A textual world is the fictional or conceptual universe created within a text that encompasses its characters, settings, events, and themes. This world is constructed through the narrative and language of the text, allowing readers to immerse themselves in its specific context and meaning of the story that is being told.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/25/2024 15:36:01
Subject: Method: sorting, sifting, selecting, substituting
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Please see Ariana’s Google Search below and her “selection" on social ontology. 

Step 1: Selection. You begin with a word, a structure, a DNA.

Ariana's selection of words represents Social Ontology. It is her starting point.

Our purpose is to take and make notes. 

Our purpose is to generate a knowing through subjective feelings and 

to create knowledge by framing and structuring words.

So what do I do next, she asked. What are the steps for success?

You simplify for clarity, I replied.

Step 2: make a word pool of alternative words (15 or so) from the dictionary that defines Social Ontology.

Throw your net far and wide, and bring the catch in. Metaphor.

You’re doing the fundamental activity of sorting, sifting, selecting, and substituting.

We started with blocks as infants!

Step 3: re-structure the original text in step 1. Substitute words from your word pool, i.e., your arsenal of resources, and simplify the definition for easy understanding.

How do I simplify something and increase understanding?

By letting go of clutter, I replied.

Step 4: Felt Experience. You can use your experience from the fishbowl, the films, and personal to explain your restructuring in step 3.

Sanjiv

SORT, SIFT, SELECT, SUBSTITUTE, GENERATE, STRUCTURE, SUBJECTIVE, FEELING

from the fishbowl...

arianadealmeida

Posts: 28

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2024 5:00 pm

Contact: Contact arianadealmeida

Re: Google Search

Post by arianadealmeida » Tue Sep 24, 2024 5:35 pm

social ontology- Social ontology is the philosophical study of how social entities like institutions, norms, and collective beliefs exist and function in society. It examines how these entities are created and sustained through shared human agreements and interactions.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/24/2024 17:10:15
Subject: INTED25
------------------------------------------------------------
Begin forwarded message:

From: "INTED2025" <inted2025@iated.org>

Subject: Call for Abstracts now open! 19th INTED conference. 3-5 March 2025 - Valencia, Spain

Date: September 9, 2024 at 9:30:55 PM EDT

To: <sanjivdugal@gmail.com>

Reply-To: inted2025@iated.org

Dear Sanjiv Dugal,

 

It is a pleasure to announce that the 19th INTED (International Technology, Education, and Development Conference) will take place on the 3rd-5th of March 2025 in Valencia, Spain.

 

As an international conference that has been running for almost two decades, INTED is the ideal place for lecturers and researchers to discuss and share their research and projects with other experts from over 75 countries.

 

SUBMIT YOUR ABSTRACT!

Authors can present their work in three modalities: Oral, Poster, or Virtual.

You can submit your abstract at https://iated.org/inted/online_submission

Abstracts can be submitted until the deadline: November 21st, 2024.

 

FIVE LEADING REASONS TO ATTEND INTED2025

- Present your paper to an international audience.

- Acquire new perspectives on education and network with participants from all over the world.

- Join the oral and poster sessions, keynote speeches, and hands-on workshops.

- Publish your paper in the INTED2025 Proceedings.

- All accepted contributions will be indexed in the IATED Digital Library. A DOI number will be assigned to each accepted contribution.

HOW DOES VIRTUAL PARTICIPATION WORK?

If you can’t attend in person, you can still submit an abstract and have your paper included in the INTED2025 Proceedings. By registering as a virtual author, you will have access to the INTED2025 Proceedings, online keynote speeches, and virtual presentations.

 

We hope to see you at INTED2025!

Best wishes,

 

INTED2025 Technical Secretariat

Email: inted2025@iated.org

Website: https://iated.org/inted/

 

If you are no longer interested in receiving this information, you can have your email address removed from the list by clicking here.

 

This email and any eventual attachment contain confidential information exclusively intended for the addressee. You are not allowed to disclose, copy or distribute it to third parties without IATED Academy’s prior written authorization. lf you have received this email in error, please delete it immediately and we ask to let us know about this error by forwarding it to the sender's email address. Pursuant to the provisions of the current regulations on data protection, both at the national and the European level, IATED Academy guarantees the adoption of the required technical and organizational measures to ensure the confidential treatment of personal data. Likewise, we inform you that your email address has been obtained from the interested party or from public sources and has been included in our files in order to permit us to maintain contact with you or send you information about our products and services as long as there exists a mutual interest in this or a commercial or contractual relationship. However, you can exercise your rights of access, rectification and deletion of your data as well as the right of limitation and opposition to its treatment using the following information: IATED Academy; Address: Plaza Legion Espanola 11 bajo. 46010 Valencia. Spain; email: iated@iated.org; website: iated.org.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/24/2024 13:51:11
Subject: uncovering hidden structures
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you today? I hope you are well.

Selecting a word, phrase, or sentence from a host of other words is a complex decision with irreversible consequences.

I'd like you to please keep in mind (aware) about this fact. 

Our ‘selections' go on to form ‘structures' that are invisible for the most part. According to Pierre Bourdieu (please Google), decision-makers task is “to uncover the most profoundly buried structures of the various social worlds which constitute the social universe, as well as the mechanisms which tend to ensure their reproduction or their transformation.”

Whenever you restructure a sentence, you reveal a hidden structure. Please see Cassidy Kleinwaks’ work below.

To see what is unseen must, of necessity, effect a "double reading." To effect a double reading in the fishbowl is to understand the fishbowl as a bi-dimensional system of relations of meanings between participants and other outside groups.

Please take a look at this YouTube video, 7mts on double reading?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8v1_-YXtpfU

In the fishbowl, we are following a similar process.

Sanjiv

COMPLEX, DECISION, CONSEQUENCE, STRUCTURE, RESTRUCTURE, REPRODUCTION, TRANSFORMATION

from the fishbowl...

cassidykleinwaks

Posts: 8

Joined: Fri Sep 06, 2024 5:36 pm

Contact: Contact cassidykleinwaks

Deconstruction

 post by cassidykleinwaks » Mon Sep 23, 2024 3:21 pm

Original: "His research-based artistry can be characterized as a complete inhabitation of digital logic. It abandons the desire to find connections between links in favor of what art historian David Joselit (please google) has described as 'aggregation,' the selection and configuration of relatively autonomous elements that signify different values or epistemologies".

ARTISTRY, INHABIT, CONNECTION, AGGREGATION, SELECTION, CONFIGURATION, SIGNIFY, EPISTEMOLOGY

Artistry: creative skill, ability

Inhabit: To occupy a space

Connection: The association between two independent elements

Aggregation: The clustered formation of items

Selection: To choose the most suitable of elements

Configuration: The arrangement of elements in a specific form or combination

Signify: to be a sign of, to signal, or to denote

Epistemology: The theory of knowledge with a distinction between belief from opinion.

Reworked: His creative proficiency, rooted in research and inquiry embodies a deep engagement with computational logic. Rather than trying to find similarities within links, it embraces 'aggregation,' as showcased by art historian David Joselit. This approach involves the act of choosing and sorting or categorizing individual elements with diverse and independent meanings.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/12/2024 15:49:18
Subject: word, image, symbol, metaphor
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well and ready for the semester. We are off to a good start. By the end of the week, we should have got the nuts and bolts out of the way.

Most of you have completed the assignment about the meaning of your name. In this exercise, we learn that imagery, symbols, and metaphors are all literary devices that contribute to the meaning of a word by enhancing the reader's experience. Please see George Younes’ posting below.

Doing the assignment is one thing, but you wish to identify the underlying concepts and phenomena in your words...

So we may say the name George has an image that refers to something concrete in the objective world. And symbol takes that image and gives it a deeper meaning. Words are symbols in themselves. The word stands for what it means but is not itself that thing or idea. 

Metaphors are implied analogies that imaginatively identify one object with another and ascribe to the first, one or more qualities of the second.

Sanjiv

LITERARY, DEVICE, ENHANCE, EXPERIENCE, IMPLY, ANALOGY

from the fishbowl...

georgeyounes

Posts: 1

Joined: Sun Sep 08, 2024 6:37 pm

Contact: Contact georgeyounes

Assignments

Post by georgeyounes » Wed Sep 11, 2024 5:04 pm

Lookup the meaning of my name (the image/symbol/metaphor that it is):

-When looking at the etymology of the name "George" I learned that it is of Greek origin, and it means "farmer". It comes from the Greek name "Georgios" which is derived from the Greek word "Georgos" which means "farmer, tiller"

Why my parents named me George:

-My parents named me George after my grandfather on my mom's side. I unfortunately never got the chance to meet him myself as he passed a few years before I was born. My mom told me that she and my father wanted to name me after him to continue the legacy of his name. It was meant to pay homage to him and to have him continue to live life through me and see it through my eyes. They felt as though I would carry his spirit of joy and kindness as he had endless love for his family and all the patients that he treated throughout his life as he was a doctor. When he walked into a room, he brought pure joy and healing to any broken, hurt or sick person before even beginning to treat them medically. They also believed I would be a great father and be as dedicated and passionate about my profession as he was. My father also wanted to name me George as he strongly believed in the spirit and the virtues of Saint George, his courage, conviction, dedication, resilience, and truth.

Whether I live up to the meaning/image of the name that my parents provided me:

-I'm not exactly sure I live up to the Greek origins of my name, as a farmer. As for my parents' reasoning for naming me George, I can say that I am trying to fill those shoes, whether it's with regard to being named after my grandfather or after Saint George. While I am no doctor, I can say that I try my best to love and care for those closest to me like my friends and family, especially when they're feeling down. I'd also hope that I can be as great of a father as he was and I can already feel as though I will have a similar dedication and passion towards my profession, whatever that may be. I can also resonate and relate to Saint George, especially the story of Saint George and the Dragon as I often try to put others before myself while also helping those in need.

Top

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/6/2024 21:11:40
Subject: Syllabus for MGT 448: International and Cultural Dimensions of Business
------------------------------------------------------------
UNIVERSITY OF RHODE ISLAND

COLLEGE OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION

FALL, 2024

Sanjiv S. Dugal, Ph.D.

314 Ballantine

Human Resource Management

Address: sanjivdugal@uri.edu

Office Hours: MW: 12-1 pm

MGT 448

INTERNATIONAL AND CULTURAL DIMENSIONS OF BUSINESS

PREFACE

“As we globalize, we increasingly have to interact, manage, negotiate and compromise with people from different cultures. Working with people whose values and beliefs, not to mention languages and customs are different from your own can make for costly misunderstandings. Experience tells us, often painfully, that one’s behavior, actions and decisions are not separate from one’s values and beliefs. All social behavior is embedded in a particular context and is connected to other deeply held values and beliefs. This means that the stakes are high for mismanaging cultural differences.” (Lisa Hoecklin, 'Managing Cultural Differences: Strategies for Competitive Advantage,' The Economist Intelligence Unit Series, Addison-Wesley, 1995)

I. INTRODUCTION 

How do you navigate and negotiate a situation that is foreign and strange? A situation where the Other's language, customs, and culture are unknown, and you have no predetermined script nor map on the ground. Under these circumstances, what skills are necessary to successfully collaborate on projects together?

II. PROBING DIFFERENCES

"In a global marketplace, many leading international business scholars are arguing that sustainable competitive advantages are increasingly changing from ‘harder ’ efficiency sources to ‘softer ’ effectiveness sources, such as managing differences in values and beliefs. Our differences provide a reflective lens to see where we're positioned with regards to each other." (Hoecklin).

In the course, we are comparing broad value differences across America-Japan, America-China, and America-India. Values, according to Geert Hofstede’s definition, are ‘a broad tendency to prefer certain state of affairs over others.’ The course identifies four dimensions of value differences across cultures, viz., Power Distance, Uncertainty Avoidance, Individualism/Collectivism and Masculinity/Femininity. 

Managing differences among ourselves gives the course not only an identity but also its competitive advantage. The course fulfills the logical sequence of 

Awareness (of differences among ourselves), 

Knowledge (of those differences), and 

Communication (of those differences). 

These three traits, viz., awareness, knowledge and communication underlie the development of cross-cultural skills (Geert Hofstede). Empirical evidence suggests that creating sustainable advantages when interacting with people from different cultures, at home and abroad, will require the following skills:

a. an ability to express

b. flexibility in thought and action

c. sharing and disclosing one’s position in a situation

d. abstracting from the particulars of an interaction

We are developing these capabilities on a digital platform, we call The Fishbowl.

III. METHODOLOGIES: PARTICIPANT OBSERVATION, INTERPRETIVISM, SYMBOLIC INTERACTIONISM

The course utilizes research methods such as Participant Observation, Interpretivism, Social Reflexivity, and Symbolic Interactionism for addressing Cultural questions such as:

How do you experience the Other’s culture?

That is, how do you experience the Other’s deeply held values and beliefs?

What do you see?

How do you feel?

What did you do?

IV. TEXT

1. Letters in the Fishbowl: The Fishbowl is a social network of writing/viewing/experiencing. The Fishbowl is something knowable only in specific fishbowl practices and contingencies during the course of the semester.You will receive around 100 letters written specifically to you for safe-keeping and re-reading, because the text in the letters represents a potential effect that is realized in the reading process. 

Reading is therefore your focal point, for it sets in motion a whole chain of activities that depend both on the text and on the exercise of your basic human faculties.

2. ‘Exploring Culture, Exercises, Stories and Synthetic Cultures,’ by Gert van Hofstede, Paul B. Pedersen, Geert Hofstede. Intercultural Press, Boston, London, 2002.

Real-life exercises and stories, all with debriefings, make much of this book ideally suited for self-study. Specific activities and exercises are steps towards awareness and knowledge of differences. We will practice intercultural communication skills, and playfully experience what it feels and means to be a ‘foreigner.’

3. Films: Kinky Boots, Japanese Story, Moonrise Kingdom, Outsourced, Iron & Silk.

We deconstruct films to discern underlying cultural assumptions and structures that are playing out.

V. GRADE DISTRIBUTION

1. Regularity and Quality of Participation in the Fishbowl: 50%

There will be ongoing assignments that will help you create a knowing and knowledge content around four dimensions of culture-related values, viz., identity (individualism/collectivism); gender (masculinity/femininity); power distance; and, uncertainty avoidance. These interactive assignments are 50% of your grade.

2. Attending to Meaning in Social Space: 30%

We 'attend to meaning' by sharing, responding and listening to each other. Working in the Fishbowl is an interactive practice of shared words, symbols, images and felt-experiences. Your process will be assessed by the importance you place on 'attending to meaning.' 

“When operating in a global economy, if you want your philosophies, objectives, products and services to be not only understood but also believed by employees, customers and partners in different cultures, you must attend to what these things mean to the people in each culture.” (Hoecklin, p.3)

3. Final: A Self-Reflexive Process 20%

In the final analysis, you’re exploring differences in meanings that existed when working together on a particular idea. Your final paper (3 pages, double–spaced and constructed individually) presents your fishbowl experience as a coherent idea. You're obliged to become self-reflexive, suspend preconceptions, and reflect upon the culture of a ‘fishbowl ‘at the University of Rhode Island.

VI. SELF-ASSESSMENT IN THE FISHBOWL

Learning is about actively combining enriching experiences with academic rigor and creative opportunities. Interaction during the semester requires courage to push back boundaries of past experiences and explore the possibilities available to you. In MGT448, you experience the excitement of discovering what you are capable of achieving, far more than you ever felt or thought possible. The following elements are essential for this experience:

* Knowledge

* Concept

* Skill

* Attitude

* Action

The student is able to make accurate self-assessments at any point during the semester based upon the following criteria:

BEGINNING (B) 

You have basic knowledge and skills. 

DEVELOPING (D)

You are making conceptual connections. 

ACHIEVING (A)

You have acquired knowledge and skills and making conceptual connections, and thereby developing new learning.

EXCELLING (E)

You are applying knowledge and skills beyond grade-level expectations and demonstrate self-initiated action in unfamiliar situations. You are self-motivated and an independent learner.

Faster and better learning through realization is a large part of the assessment logic.

VII. CONCLUSION: FISHBOWL LEARNER PROFILE

The aim of the Fishbowl is to develop global-minded participants who recognize their common purpose and shared responsibility when creating a culture of learning. 

As fellow participants in a fishbowl, we strive To Be the following:

1. Inquirers 

We nurture our curiosity, developing skills for inquiry and research.

2. Knowledgeable 

We develop and use conceptual understanding, exploring knowledge across a range of disciplines. We engage with issues and ideas that have local and global significance.

3. Thinkers 

We use critical and creative thinking skills to analyze and take responsible action on complex issues. We exercise initiative in making reasoned, ethical decisions.

4. Communicators 

We express ourselves with confidence and creatively in many ways. We collaborate actively, listening carefully to the perspectives of other individuals and groups.

5. Principled 

We act with integrity and honesty with a strong sense of fairness and justice, and with respect for the dignity and rights of others. We take responsibility for our actions and their consequences.

6. Open-minded 

We critically appreciate our own culture and personal history, as well as the values and traditions of others. We seek and evaluate a range of points of view, and we are willing to grow from the experience.

7. Caring 

We show empathy, compassion and respect. We have a commitment to service, and we act to make a positive difference in the lives of others and in the world around us.

8. Risk-takers 

We approach uncertainty with forethought and determination; we work independently and cooperatively to explore new ideas and innovative strategies. We are resourceful and resilient in the face of challenges and change.

9. Balanced 

We understand the importance of balancing different aspects of our lives, intellectual, physical, and emotional, to achieve well-being for ourselves and others. We recognize our interdependence with other people.

10. Reflective 

We thoughtfully consider the world and our own ideas and experience. We work to understand our strengths and weaknesses in order to support our learning and personal development.

WELCOME TO MGT 448

ADDENDUM 1: CONCEPTS UNDERLYING INTERNATIONAL DIMENSIONS

FISHBOWL TECHNOLOGY

Knowledge outcomes 

provider and user value 

knowledge-work 

ways of doing knowledge

range of experience 

range of caring 

learning process 

learning outcome 

level of engagement 

generating subjectivities 

interactive systems 

felt experiences 

relational practice 

dialogical exchange

aesthetic response

sharing process 

creating interactively

creative dialectic 

working towards commonality 

focused presence 

conversation and dialog 

constant assessment 

discerning emerging story-line 

responsibility and result 

commitment to aesthetic response 

transparency and authenticity 

engagement and impact 

attitude and motivation 

vocabulary and thought-images 

resonance and calibration 

meaning and significance

ADDENDUM 2: FIVE OBJECTIVES STATED BY UNIVERSITY OF RHODE ISLAND:

1. Acquiring skills in working with others as a member of a team.

2. Developing creative capacities (writing, inventing, designing, performing).

3. Developing skill in expressing oneself in writing.

4. Learning how to critically evaluate ideas, arguments, and points of view.

5. Acquiring an interest in learning more by asking questions and seeking answers.

Success requires that you keep pace with the work, understand course concepts, and study effectively. The Academic Enhancement Center (www.uri.edu/aec) is a great place to do this. At the AEC you can work alone or in groups, and tutors and professional learning specialists are available to help you to learn, manage your time and work, and study well. They’re open Monday through Thursday from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. and Fridays until 1 p.m. All services are free (the coffee is free as well!), and no appointment is needed. You can call them for complete information at 874-2367, or just stop by the center on the fourth floor of Roosevelt Hall. 

THANK YOU

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 5/8/2024 14:39:18
Subject: They didn't bring me a letter today ...
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Congratulations on completing MGT345 and MGT448. You were indeed a great class! 

Of 185 participants, 46 received straight As, and 40 received A-minuses. Your caring attention undoubtedly fueled my continuing curiosity and desire to learn; I listened with genuine interest to your ideas, vocabulary, Google searches, and deconstructions. Your processes of remembering, reflection, and choices were critical to my thinking about your learning. Your fishbowl was a profoundly pluralistic and self-conscious approach to experiences and relationships. 

Thank you.

Central to your work in the fishbowl was disciplined subjectivity. This had several aspects. It meant you were not striving for spurious objectivity but instead bringing your subjective response into consciousness to be part of the available data. To balance that, you displayed a degree of detachment regarding events in your personal life. No one can do this thoroughly, and the processes of disciplined subjectivity and purposeful empathy are not yet fully understood.

You must consider participation in shared performances like the fishbowl over competency of any kind and move toward considering the possibilities of communication across disparate codes. Regardless of our differences in learning, we must look at our exchanges as joint constructions. Because everyone is oblivious to certain kinds of detail, it allows you to develop a contextual structure into which later learning will fit.

Why the films? By watching the communication between the protagonists, you were paying attention to the epigenesis of conversational interaction.

Finally, the lesson of whatever I have learned from your fishbowl is that looking carefully at anything informs looking at everything. Our task is to learn again to see things whole by respecting and treasuring their “minute particulars.” The best hope for our species lies in learning new patterns of attention to each other and the biosphere, which grow out of curiosity and respect and allow for wonder and learning.

As farewell, I have three poems below from different points of time: 

1. The Beginning 

2. The Ending 

3. The Farewell

Thank you for being part of the fishbowl and making it a meaningful experience.

As you step away, I hope to catch you on the rebound!

With my very best wishes,

Sanjiv

1. The Beginning: 

Where The Mind Is Without Fear by Rabindranath Tagore

Where the mind is without fear and the head is held high

Where knowledge is free

Where the world has not been broken up into fragments

By narrow domestic walls

Where words come out from the depth of truth

Where tireless striving stretches its arms toward perfection

Where the clear stream of reason has not lost its way

Into the dreary desert sand of dead habit

Where the mind is led forward by thee

Into ever-widening thought and action

Into that heaven of freedom, my Father, let my country awake.

							 

2. The Ending: 

They didn’t bring me a letter today…by Anna Akhmatova

They didn’t bring me a letter today:

He forgot to write, or he went away;

Spring is like a trill of silver laughter,

Boats are rocking in the bay.

They didn’t bring me a letter today…

3. The Farewell: 

Ithaca by C.P. Cavafy

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siRNV5FPZ9k

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/29/2024 15:06:36
Subject: Research in the Age of AI: we are a consortium
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

I just wanted you to know you have three more days to wrap things up. I’m attaching below abstracts written in the fishbowl by participants every semester up to 2022. Four more abstracts, including yours, have yet to be uploaded.

Your abstract, peer-reviewed and accepted for presentation, is research engagement in your fishbowl with the intent of impacting lives. It is Research in the Age of Artificial Intelligence.

As the abstracts over the years testify, we are a consortium.

You exhibit the principal qualities demanded of knowledge workers today. Empirical observation suggests the following: habitual mobility, the ability to keep pace with highly rapid conversions, adaptability in every enterprise, flexibility in moving from one group of rules to another, aptitude for both banal and omni-lateral linguistic interaction, command of the flow of information, and the ability to navigate among limited possible alternatives. (Paolo Virno & Michael Hardt)

These qualifications result from a socialization process whose center of gravity was outside the classroom. This socialization was punctuated by discontinuous and modular experiences, text interpretations, and sequences of fleeting opportunities.

Today is the last day to do Student Evaluations of the course. Please provide your feedback so we can close the loop. Thank you.

I am working on another letter I will send as I do the evaluations.

Best wishes for your exams and closing up the semester.

Sanjiv

CONSORTIUM

From the fishbowl archives ...

Begin forwarded message:

From: Mike Troiano <troiano.mike@gmail.com>

Subject: Abstracts From Discs

Date: April 27, 2024 at 6:43:18 AM EDT

To: Sanjiv Dugal <sanjivdugal@gmail.com>

Hi Sanjiv,

Here are the relevant abstracts that were on the Discs you gave to Nina and then to me. I extracted these in April 2022 and then returned the discs back to you. 

Regards,

Mike

<EDULEARN18_1331.pdf>

<EDULEARN17_2694.pdf>

<EDULEARN15_1320.pdf>

<EDULEARN18_2631.pdf>

<INTED2013_1728.pdf>

<ICERI2012_1860.pdf>

<EDULEARN20_1247.pdf>

<ICER12011_2035.pdf>

<INTED2018_583.pdf>

<INTED2019_1037.pdf>

<INTED2020_633.pdf>

<INTED2020_1668.pdf>

<INTED2022_1129.pdf>

<Deloitte Presentation.pdf>

<INTED2018_1098.pdf>

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/14/2024 12:01:02
Subject: doing an assignment: image, vocabulary, intuition
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. Please remember that the university is here to help you graduate on time with the highest grade so that you have a leg up.

Your grades will fall within B, B+, A—, and A. In return for your labor in creating knowledge content and a knowing, you will receive my letters and a letter Grade categorizing competency. We are identities in formation, socially constructed. 

In the digital world, we are framed/formed by images and text. You have a picture of me as I of you. I imagine you as a thought leader. Conjuring images requires focus, imagination, and a vocabulary to interpret them. Imagine an underground movement where our fragments of text, letters, and deconstructions are exchanged for a price. Auction them, or better still, a legacy. Once upon a time, there was a mythical place called the fishbowl...and you were there!

"It’s just us," he said. 

(Please connect with Lola’s final song at the end of Kinky Boots.)

You determined your grade from the start. Your intentions and attitude make that possible. The Fishbowl was all about copying, repetition, and tweaking, with feelings splattered throughout the space, like in Jackson Pollock’s paintings. You began with a white canvas/space and filled it with thoughts and feelings. It requires your intuition and being present in the moment.

This semester, we have been reading into each other's words and between the lines. The Fishbowl is about reading at a time when most of us are too rushed to hit Pause. 

But we can’t do anything without reading, I’m afraid. We must slow down and read the message from the mountaintop. Deep and slow reading trains us to focus, imagine, and interpret. Technology, on the other hand, sets us up for medical conditions like Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder while reading slows us down.

About the finale: 

Go easy on yourself. Enjoy the films. All three directors are American. Google them. You are watching their images, assumptions, and frames of reference. They act as different lenses, allowing us to see what we otherwise cannot see. Through the DIrector's lens, you are watching the cultural values of India and China intersect with American values. It is well worth considering from a business and political point of view. 

How does the Other see you? Lack of awareness of perceptual differences leads to misunderstandings and war.

Steps:

First, copy the four definitions of Hofstede’s dimensions and deconstruct them to gain a deeper understanding. This should take an hour or so—not much time, but the subsequent returns to your text are most consequential. 

Please see Zachary Levesque’s posting below.

Second, watch the movies and transcribe the conversations verbatim.

Third, match the four dimensions to the conversation in the three movies.

It’s a textual exercise and one of interpretation.

It requires identifying the context in which the conversation occurred and describing the image. The words don’t tell much in themselves.

You can have four paragraphs, one for each dimension, and compare and contrast the cultural values in the three films in each section. For example, what is the position of the three cultures on the Power Distance dimension? Where are the three cultures on this dimension? What conversation in the films made you interpret their position?

Always follow the kiss principle: Keep It Simple, Stupid. This principle is achieved by opening the dictionary meanings and pushing them to the limit. 

By identifying differences (in the position on each dimension) between the three cultures, you can quickly interpret bizarre behavior: symbols, metaphors, images, gestures, expressions, expectations, and roles. You begin to recognize the cultural matrix of particular patterns of behavior. You come to see their connectedness and to accept their “necessity.” All the frustrations and irritation you experienced in dealing with them become diluted in the sheer pleasure of solving an intellectual puzzle. 

As you will read from the websites, Hofstede’s research has already been done across national cultures. America, India, and China’s positions on Hofstede’s dimensions should not be surprising. Our concern is more with one’s process—looking at myself, looking at myself!

Awareness and understanding of one’s process can affect the outcome. I hope you will always keep that in mind.

Sanjiv

DIMENSION, POSITION, DIFFERENCE, CONVERSATION, DIAGNOSE, READING

from the fishbowl...

zacharylevesque

Posts: 92

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 12:22 am

Re: Assignments: FINALE Pt. 1

Post by zacharylevesque » Sat Apr 13, 2024 1:23 am

1. Power Distance: “the extent to which the less powerful members of organizations and institutions (like the family) accept and expect that power is distributed unequally." "refers to the degree of inequality that exists - and is accepted - between people with and without power."

Thesaurus-

Inequality: Disparity, Imbalance, Strife

Power: Charge, Spark, Trigger

Distribute: Administer, Partition, Endow

Deconstruct and example(s): The first dimension of Hofstede can be understood in other ways, such as by referring to the disparity between people with and without spark. The people in a community are typically run by a "president" or "leader" who has the trigger to make the decisions for all. It's like us in the fishbowl with Sanjiv explaining to us what is needed from us in order to earn a specific grade and is also in charge of the "letters" to drive us. The same type of power distance is usually displayed in workplaces. There is always a boss or manager to report to who is in charge of us and who gives orders in hopes of success, and we know that upon typical hiring. It's understood that there is an imbalance of charge, and the majority are on the strife side of things.

2. Individualism versus Collectivism: "extent to which people feel independent, as opposed to being interdependent as members of larger wholes." "refers to the strength of the ties that people have to others within their community."

Thesaurus-

Ties: Link, Bind, Intertwine

Community: Village, Citizenry, Populace

Feel: Sense, Anticipate, Foresee

Deconstruct and example(s): When looking into the first four dimensions of Hofstede, Individualism versus Collectivism is the concept that compares those who are better off doing things independently and those who like interdependency and being with/around others. The anticipation of being linked with citizenry is what collectivism is about, while individualism is more of just doing tasks and whatnot on your own. Introverts are more on the individualistic side of things and don't engage with anyone. We might see people like this on campus who have headphones on or such and foresee that they want to avoid being bothered and then we can see someone raising their hand a lot in class and giving feedback to people. This is someone who does like to be involved within a village and whatnot and is more of a collectivist person. Someone who works in the backroom of a store might have individualism traits more than someone who works in front of a store with all the customers dealing with situations that might come up with being collective.

3. Masculinity versus Femininity: "extent to which the use of force in endorsed socially." "refers to the distribution of roles between men and women."

Thesaurus-

Force: Compel, Dragoon, Oblige

Endorse: Advocate, Patronize, Preach

Role: Function, Duty, Pursuit

Deconstruct and example(s): Masculinity vs. Femininity is the difference between being a man and a woman by providing the roles that each side should fulfill in society. Society advocates how things should be and how dragoon a side should be for their respective tasks that they should complete. A man typically must work and bring in income to a household to help out, while the functions of a woman should be to take care of things like the house. In this day and age, duties for both can be mixed and matched but typically follow a baseline for a home after work (in the times now, both usually work). Moms usually provide meals and clean at home while the men go and work and then come home. This is what is seen in numerous households in all different ways or at least in the olden days. Both will work now, but women usually make dinners and such for families, and men will assist in what they can and clean potentially. It's all based on how the family goes about how following society's "norms" and duties of the idea.

4. Uncertainty Avoidance: "deals with a society's tolerance for uncertainty and ambiguity." "describes how well people can cope with anxiety."

Thesaurus-

Tolerance: Forbearance, Subordination, Docility

Ambiguity: Mystery, Opacity, Vagueness

Cope: Veil, Mantle, Varnish

Deconstruct and example(s): Finally, Uncertainty Avoidance is something we all deal with. It's how we mantle something that makes us feel uneasy. Typically, it poses a mystery to us and has vagueness to it in which makes us not know what's going to occur, and so we find ways to fight this uncertain, nervous feeling. We gradually adopt a type of forbearance to varnish this, whether it be to rewatch something in which we already know what goes on, start fidgeting, or even begin surfing the web to get our minds off the idea. Sometimes, we get it in the classroom and we may leave to go to the bathroom to settle the feeling down and subordinate it or stop focusing and look at something that already happened earlier in the day on our phone. We all deal with is and varnish it in our ow ways in the fishbowl and in classrooms. Fortunately, we all have docility towards it and end up being just fine.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/11/2024 2:44:37
Subject: the fishbowl has an affective presence
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are coping with the intensity of the semester. Stay focused on words is the key. Stay close to the meaning of the text. Reduce distractions to zero. The fishbowl method is not meant to be onerous but emancipatory and empowering. Practicing your way to the top, speaking your truth to power!

You have covered a lot this semester. You have embraced many concepts and phenomena. To abandon the domain of phenomenal forms is, quite simply, to lose one’s sight.

You have learned that the only disclosive or appropriate word you select is one that you own or appropriate. This is because such a word is not so much a concept or a sound as a “relation” between you, the speaker, and the world. That relation is affective, and its name is “care.”

It is the world of words that creates the world of things.

To ‘thing’ something is to make it present.

Your words have ‘thinged’ the fishbowl and made it present. 

It is the presence of feeling, emotion, attachment, or mood; affective presence.

Please see Andrew Mega’s example below. We understand by slowing the mind and mulling over words.

Sanjiv

AFFECTIVE, PRESENCE, RELATION, PHENOMENA, DOMAIN

from the fishbowl...

andrewmega

Posts: 57

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 2:04 pm

Contact: Contact andrewmega

Re: Letter Deconstruction

post by andrewmega » Wed Apr 10, 2024 6:10 pm

sentence-"By observing and analyzing people's interactions, we gain insights into the underlying norms, values, and beliefs that shape their behavior."

key words

observing- watching over

interaction- communication between people

insights- understanding

norms- usual activity

values- what someone believes is importance

New sentence- Watching over the actions of someone can help us understand what they believe in and what they value

As I observed the actions of my friend I learned a lot about them. Spending time with someone and watching how they interact with others can help you learn a lot about someone. And like the original sentence said, you can learn a lot about the person's norms, values, and beliefs, which shape their behavior.

andrewmega

Posts: 57

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 2:04 pm

Contact: Contact andrewmega

Re: Letter Deconstruction

post by andrewmega » Wed Apr 10, 2024 6:23 pm

sentence- "comparing and contrasting the two words, you are generating the relations between them"

key words

comparing- note the similarity and differences between two or more things

relations- how things connect

generating- creating

New sentence- Noting the similarity's and differences between two things can allow you to figure out how they are connected

One time, I was confused about how two topics were connected, but after looking up each term separately, I was able to dissect both words and come up with a few comparisons. These comparisons allowed me to see how they were interconnected and helped me learn more about both topics. Sometimes in life, you have to take time and dissect both things to see how they relate.

andrewmega

Posts: 57

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 2:04 pm

Contact: Contact andrewmega

Re: Letter Deconstruction 

post by andrewmega » Wed Apr 10, 2024 7:22 pm

sentence- It is the world of words that creates the world of things

Key words

world- the earth

words- part of vocabulary

creates- to produce

New sentence- Our vocabulary is what produces the things of the world

Having a good vocabulary allows you to create things that you would not have been able to if you could not communicate. Communication is key when it comes to learning new things. If you cannot communicate you will not be able to learn as much from the individuals around you. One time I was trying to communicate with a foreign person but neither of us new what the other person was saying. I could not learn from someone that I cannot understand.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/10/2024 14:22:59
Subject: ASSIGNMENT: FINALE
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well.

It takes courage and resilience to complete the semester. We are in the same boat holding spyglasses.

By the end of the semester, May 1st, please complete the following assignment and consider it your Finale.

I will write letters as usual during April, describing what you are learning from your experience in doing the finale.

I will be writing to enhance your learning experience in the assignment process.

The doing of the assignment is well known to you, and it takes little time to finish it—about 6 hours at most. You have 21 days.

I hope you enjoy doing the finale: the climax, the crescendo of your experience.

Please spend time adding and deleting what you first did.

I. Four Dimensions of Hofstede

Copy Hofstede’s first four dimensions from the following two sites. 

1. Power Distance

2. Individualism versus Collectivism

3. Masculinity versus Femininity

4. Uncertainty Avoidance

Please deconstruct each definition to show a deeper understanding. 

Give personal examples. 

https://www.mindtools.com/a1ecvyx/hofstedes-cultural-dimensions

https://geerthofstede.com/culture-geert-hofstede-gert-jan-hofstede/6d-model-of-national-culture/

II. Three films: America, India and China

Please watch the three attached films (approx. 90 minutes each), which represent the social order and culture of American, Indian, and Chinese society.

Observe facial expressions and write the script of the words spoken in conversation in each film. 

In other words, write out sentences exchanged in the three films.

Moonrise Kingdom

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1j89wik5UPQcN_IA5XJ_R78qmUmzV_DlZ/view?usp=sharing

Outsourced

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pFOnJ4i7yBC7AWbzmdR7TlZ_cINUvBMl/view?usp=sharing

Iron and Silk

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1InB5COMuByIncKUshQOZ-arxzXikvt9R/view?usp=sharing

III. Application

Please apply your understanding of the four dimensions to each of the films.

Give examples (of words exchanged in conversation) from the films and relate them to Hofstede’s dimensions.

You are writing four paragraphs. Each paragraph compares and contrasts the positions of America, India, and China on each of the four cultural dimensions.

IV. Methodology

Ethnomethodology leans toward the analysis of social life, with the central focus being to describe how people put ordinary social activities together in an orderly, recognizable way while including core concepts of ethnomethodology. The core concepts are accountability, reflexivity, and indexicality.

Future letters will discuss the method you are being asked to use to distinguish national cultures. The assignment is designed to open your mind to different values in different cultures.

Good luck. Please see Sara Conquest’s posting below.

Sanjiv

FINALE, CULTURE, DIMENSION, DIFFERENTIATE, VALUES, INDEXICALITY, REFLEXITY, ACCOUNTABILITY,

from the fishbowl...

 ONLINE

saraconquest

Posts: 85

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 10:59 am

Re: Google Searches

post by saraconquest » Wed Apr 10, 2024, 10:00 am

'critical autonomy':

- The ability of an individual to discover their meaning in a media text. Critical Thinking. A set of skills that allows one to assess their experiences for truthfulness and value rationally. Critical Autonomy

- A "critically autonomous person" can answer questions about a given thing or at least tell you how one would reasonably find those answers; this person would also know what questions to ask. So, the critically autonomous person watching a newscast understands the nuts and bolts of its construction, a variety of contexts for its presentation, and ways of finding out more information to triangulate the source. The critically autonomous person watching a film knows something about film production and film financing, knows something about the genre, and knows something about values embedded in the representation of subjects on the screen.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/1/2024 23:05:20
Subject: using images and metaphors to construct meaning
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. There is the matter of the finals and how and what the end will be like. The final is nothing outside what you have been doing thus far. I will address these matters in bits and pieces because they unfold, emerge, surface, and happen, like painting a picture (metaphor). The key is that we are always fair to each other and on the same page. No one gets left behind on this boat (image, metaphor).

“Her image, she whispered, is to live happily ever after…”

We continuously use images and metaphors to construct and deconstruct meaning in our encounters with sentence structures and everyday reality. 

Your postings offer a highly personalized method (sort, sift, select, substitute) for constructing meaning. I'd like for you to understand this by turning around and looking at your postings so far. It will take some time to think about it. 

Your dominant frame is that we construct a meaningful reality by reading/writing. 

We are building on the underlying metaphor of reality as a “living text.” Please see Fin Perkin's postings below. They are “living texts” that are simultaneously “written” and “read.” 

 

Using the reading/writing framework, we construct meaning in the fishbowl.

Traditional concepts can be radically transformed through imaginative processes like your postings, in which new images and metaphors are used to create evocative and energizing patterns of shared meaning. Our fishbowl invites the viewer to unleash their powers of creative thought, interpretation, and insight to broaden the possibilities for creative action.

Sanjiv

DOMINANT, IMAGE, METAPHOR, PERSONAL, METHOD, LIVING, TEXT

from the fishbowl...

Fin_Perkins

Posts: 80

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 2:03 pm

Contact: Contact Fin_Perkins

Re: Letter Deconstruction

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by Fin_Perkins » Wed Mar 20, 2024 3:03 pm

Knowledge and knowing happens when you intend it to happen. It happens when you leap with intention

knowing - understanding

happens - occur

intend - purposefully

intend - desire

happens - transpires

leap - jump

intention - purpose

Knowledge and understanding occur when you purposefully desire it. It transpires when you jump with purpose.

This sentence says that acquiring knowledge and understanding is intentional and requires a deliberate decision to pursue it. Meaningful learning and growth occur when one actively engages with intention and purpose, taking decisive actions towards acquiring knowledge or insight. Knowledge doesn't fall on people you must absorb it and seek it.

Top

Fin_Perkins

Posts: 80

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 2:03 pm

Contact: Contact Fin_Perkins

Re: Letter Deconstruction

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by Fin_Perkins » Wed Mar 20, 2024 4:39 pm

And we also know that when you do it as a daily practice, you are creating a self-constructed world.

know that - understand

do it - engage

practice - routine

creating - forming

self-constructed - self-built

world - universe

And we also understand that when you engage in it as a daily routine, you are forming a self-built universe.

The fishbowl is a place of growing knowledge everyday. It is unlike something i have experienced, it is the ultimate collaborative experience. If anybody is stuck on something they can look around and find inspiration. It is an ever growing web that we can look back on and lean from.

Top

Fin_Perkins

Posts: 80

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 2:03 pm

Contact: Contact Fin_Perkins

Re: Letter Deconstruction

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by Fin_Perkins » Wed Mar 20, 2024 5:13 pm

By observing and analyzing people's interactions, we gain insights into the underlying norms, values, and beliefs that shape their behavior.

by - through

observing - watching

analyzing - examining

gain - acquire

insights - understanding

underlying - fundamental

norms - standards

principles - values

beliefs - convictions

shape - influence

behavior - actions

Through watching and examining how people interact, we acquire understanding into the fundamental standards, principles, and convictions that influence their actions.

Everybody is different. Everyone grew up in a different household and has different rules for themselves. Seeing how people act can tell you a lot about them, whats important, how they interact socially, what they do for fun. That is what makes a society is the variety of people within it, even though some standards still shine through. Society has a grip on many people in many different ways, some let it control them more than others. Society is a funny thing.

Top

Fin_Perkins

Posts: 80

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 2:03 pm

Contact: Contact Fin_Perkins

Re: Letter Deconstruction

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Unread post by Fin_Perkins » Mon Mar 25, 2024 12:28 pm

Your process must be organic, fluid, and evolving to a deeper understanding. You are sorting, sifting, selecting, and substituting

process - method

must - should

organic - natural

fluid - flexible

evolving - developing

understanding - comprehension

sorting - organizing

sifting - filtering

selecting - choosing

substituting - replacing

Your method should be natural, flexible, and developing toward a deeper comprehension. You are organizing, filtering, choosing, and replacing.

Thing that we are doing in this class will be a life skill. The ability to look deeper into things and find the real meaning. It is critical thinking help really solve problems, different perspectives, rearranging things. The development of skills like this make people different and stand out.

Top

Fin_Perkins

Posts: 80

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 2:03 pm

Contact: Contact Fin_Perkins

Re: Letter Deconstruction

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Unread post by Fin_Perkins » Wed Mar 27, 2024 3:10 pm

Our approach in the fishbowl consists of a constructed dialogue among ourselves regarding ballroom dancing

approach - strategy

consists - entails

constructed - fabricated

dialogue - discussion

regarding - concerning

Ballroom dancing - formal partner dancing

Our strategy within the fishbowl entails a fabricated discussion among ourselves concerning formal partner dancing

The fishbowl is a web of discussions that we can all tap into at any time. We have a CVS receipt length of knowledge from ourselves that we have can look back and reflect on. We evolve the further we go understanding more and more how to absorb, digest, and rearrange words and the meaning of them. The fishbowl is the ultimate collaborative tool, both with yourself and others.

Top

Fin_Perkins

Posts: 80

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 2:03 pm

Contact: Contact Fin_Perkins

Re: Letter Deconstruction

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Unread post by Fin_Perkins » Wed Mar 27, 2024 4:38 pm

Crafting a binary of words, of two images, and constructing a bi-dimensional system of relations of power and relations of meaning.

binary - dichotomy

images - visuals

constructing - building

bi - two

system - structure

relations - connections

relations - connections

meaning - significance

Creating a dichotomy of words, of two visuals, and building a two-dimensional structure of connections of power and connections of significance.

Contrasting two things is a practice as old as time. But contrasting the same things with itself takes more of a practice to master. It takes practice to find different definitions and reasons within something takes practice, that is what the fishbowl is about.

Top

Fin_Perkins

Posts: 80

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 2:03 pm

Contact: Contact Fin_Perkins

Re: Letter Deconstruction

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Unread post by Fin_Perkins » Wed Mar 27, 2024 5:05 pm

We want to identify, classify, and categorize the words exchanged, the roles played, and the skills required to do business with an alien culture

identify - recognize

classify - categorize

categorize - group

roles - functions

played - performed

skills - competencies

required - needed

to do - conducted

alien - unfamiliar

We aim to recognize, categorize, and group the words exchanged, the functions performed, and the competencies needed to conduct business with an unfamiliar culture.

The world is a big place. Is is diverse so much that even super small places can have different cultures and say different things. But for how big the world is, relatively speaking it is very small and with globalization the whole world talks to each other. America does business with Japan, South Africa does business with Russia the world talks to each other. I think the ability to conform and understand another culture can extremely benefit. In some cases it can make or break deals.

Top

Fin_Perkins

Posts: 80

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 2:03 pm

Contact: Contact Fin_Perkins

Re: Letter Deconstruction

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Unread post by Fin_Perkins » Mon Apr 01, 2024 3:08 pm

Self-expression is a practice and its skill is a sustainable advantage in complex and diverse situations

expression - communication

practice - discipline

skill - proficiency

sustainable - lasting

advantage - benefit

complex - intricate

diverse - varied

situations - circumstances

Self-communication is a discipline, and its proficiency is a lasting benefit in intricate and varied circumstances.

Self expression is essential for a person to exist. You have to know what you want, what the body wants, and what the soul wants. How can you talk to others if you can't even talk to yourself. Some people do that but it is not a healthy lifestyle putting people100 percent first. One must understand withen before they can understand without.

Top

Fin_Perkins

Posts: 80

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 2:03 pm

Contact: Contact Fin_Perkins

Re: Letter Deconstruction

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Unread post by Fin_Perkins » Mon Apr 01, 2024 4:11 pm

Your restructuring consists of a collection of disparate elements to form a coherent system. Consequently, every word in your restructure acquires a plurality of meanings.

restructuring - reorganizing

consists - compromises

collection - assortment

disparate - diverse

elements - components

form - shape

coherent - cohesive

system - framework

consequently - as a result

every word - each term

acquires - gains

plurality - multiple

meanings - interpretations

Your reorganization comprises an assortment of diverse components to shape a cohesive framework. As a result, each term in your restructuring gains multiple interpretations.

A word or phrase has so many meanings. When you change the words their meanings grow. When the words are strung together in different ways the meanings are multiplied. The more change the more meaning it beholds, it is exponential.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/1/2024 12:25:15
Subject: staying focused
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? This time, I will change my process of producing knowledge, understanding, interpretation, reflection, meditation, and contemplation.

But you will remain focused, she said.

I will write during Monday class time from Bliss Hall at ten and from Quinn at 11 instead of screen-scrolling (please Google) the net at that time. Please visit the following site: 

https://medium.com/an-idea/how-screen-scrolling-is-changing-the-way-we-understand-our-world-2cc9d822e2f1

Whenever we enter the fishbowl, the premise is that at those times, we are eyes looking at eyes. We are reading silently, looking inward and outward. 

We are Buddhas. Please google Buddha’s image. 

The image represents many Buddhists' greatest aspirations, ideals, and potential. For others, it exemplifies the deep inner peace and contentment they find in Buddhism; thus, they are drawn to an image that symbolizes calm and peace. Buddha images have long conveyed the teachings of the Buddha.

I have to think about something to say to you about the following...

is there a final

what does it look like

is it mandatory

when is it due

is it difficult

what are the steps

does it matter

to whom

The role of images and metaphors in the social construction of reality

and as a mode of personal empowerment and an approach to change.

Please refer to Annie Nolan’s notes below.

symbols and symbolic interaction

how to do it

Three movies on different cultural values...American, Chinese, and Indian

how to frame the differences

how to bring the signed contract home

Sanjiv

ADDRESS, SAY, FRAME, DRAW, MODE

from the fishbowl...

annienolan

Posts: 65

Joined: Sun Jan 21, 2024 7:51 pm

Contact: Contact annienolan

Denkbild and Walter Benjamin

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by annienolan » Sun Mar 31, 2024 2:36 pm

"Denkbild" is a German word that translates to "thought image" or "mental image" in English. It refers to the visual representation or picture formed in one's mind while thinking or imagining something. It can also be used in a broader sense to describe the visualization of abstract concepts or ideas.

Walter Benjamin was a German Jewish philosopher and essayist associated with the Frankfurt School. He is best known for his critical and theoretical writings on literature, culture, media, and art, particularly his insights into modernity and the impact of mass reproduction on art.

One of Benjamin's significant concepts is the "thought image" (Denkbild in German), which he discusses in his work "The Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction" (1936). In this essay, Benjamin examines how the advent of technologies like photography and film has transformed the nature of art and our experience of it. Benjamin's concept of the thought image raises questions about the nature of authenticity, reproduction, and the impact of technology on our perception of art and culture.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/29/2024 13:12:36
Subject: thought image
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

You will agree that we are at a watershed (metaphor, image, symbol, word, concept, thought). Our thought images (please google Denkbild) have symbolic meanings, and we interpret them in the moving screen of our mindscape (mental landscape). Technology has brought the notion of thought images to the forefront.

Please Google Walter Benjamin and Thought Image to grasp the properties of thought images (reproduced below). Whether we know of their ethereal or ephemeral presence, our thought images constitute one’s mindscape.

The thought-image (Walter Benjamin):

* Resembles an aphorism;

* Has “a three-part form consisting of a title, a narrated image, and a related thought” (Kirst 514);

* Corresponds with the Baroque emblem, with pictura (icon in the center), inscriptio (motto at top), and subscriptio (epigram at bottom) (514);

* Creates an interdependency between picture/icon and description/text that simultaneously produces tensions and suggests a totality (514-16);

* Is suggestive or elliptical (resisting truth claims), not exegetical, didactic, or analytical (514-16);

* Lacks any immediate meaning (515) and is instead enigmatic or difficult to grasp (516);

* Implies a secret or hidden meaning, which reveals the discontinuous relation between past and past (517-18);

* Is a departure from the essay form (520);

* Is intertwined with histories of allegory (Sinnbild), where the particular is treated as an example of the general (see Goethe);

* Is not a representation, but rather an act of writing and inscription (Weigel 46);

* Is a “synonym for likeness, resemblance, or similitude” (48);

* Is where “the dialectic of image and thought is unfolded and becomes visible,” or where “the image, understood as dialectic at a standstill, is transformed into writing, that is, set in motion, in such a way as to reveal the origin of the idea and what has gone into its production: what has preceded it, entered into it, disappeared in it, and, simultaneously with the expression of an idea through the image, become, as its reverse side, invisible and invalidated” (48-9, emphasis added);

* Is a “reading[] of images in written form, in which the character of images as writing . . . becomes literally transformed into writing” (50);

* Is not a metaphor representing the relationship between object and concept, but rather a correspondence between the concrete and the general (50-1);

* Is an “imagined image” (53);

* More conceptually, “refuses to give up on the Hegelian ‘labor of the concept’” (Richter 14) and is thus distinct from Marx’s critique of Hegel;

* “Embod[ies] the negative presence of the infinite in the formal aesthetic features of its very finitude” (17);

* “Approaches the world as if it were a text” to be deciphered (18);

* Is that which “cannot be paraphrased” (19);

* Is not a genre, but a medium for “conceptual creation” (18; see also Deleuze and Guattari);

* “Remains suspended in a charged tension between the figural and the literal” (21); and,

* “Elides the binarism of self and other” (35).

Sanjiv

WATERSHED, THOUGHT, IMAGE, ETHEREAL, EPHEMERAL, MINDSCAPE, MENTAL, LANDSCAPE, SCREEN, MOVEMENT

from the fishbowl...

Thought image: where do they come from?

Sent from my iPhone

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/28/2024 15:55:35
Subject: submitting the abstract
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you?

Below is what I have gotten before I hit the Submit button. If I missed seeing your deconstructions in the fishbowl, please let me know before the day is out.

The caveat or strings attached are that you must know what this abstract is talking about in professional and anecdotal terms.

So that you know, your grade for the semester is evaluated when the semester ends, and co-authoring this abstract has nothing to do with it.

Sanjiv

CAVEAT, PROFESSIONALISM, ANECDOTAL

ASSEMBLING DISPARATE ELEMENTS INTO A COHERENT SYSTEM: THE CONCRETIZATION OF TECHNOLOGICAL INVENTION

S. Dugal1, I. Ozuna1, S. Gugliotta1, D. Demers1, C. Guertin1, C. Ritchie1, A. Nolan1, J. Soucier1, G. Gustafson1, S. Rousseau1, S. Sullivan1, H. Yafrate1, G. Ziegler1, S. Glushchenko1, F. Perkins1, J. Collamore1, D. Oliveira1, A. Magen1, Z. Levesque1, A. Tobias1, E. Nash1, D. Nygren1, B. Bethea1, P. Hoan1, N. Hoogasian1, T. Huynh1, S. Singh2, M. Troiano3, R. Singh4, J. Walker1, S. Penkovsky1, L. Leclaire1, E. Kearney1, I. Akomolafe1

Introduction:

Gilbert Simondon defines (1) the concretization of technological invention as assembling disparate elements into a coherent system. Our paper presents the process of ‘concretization’ practiced by 185 participants in a College of Business at the University of Rhode Island who are making ‘inventive’ postings on a digital billboard called the fishbowl.

Our paper presents a method for ‘concretizing technological inventions.’

Technology is defined as ‘applying knowledge for practical purposes.’

Invention is ‘the origination of something worthwhile, like a process or device.’

To concretize is defined as ‘making an idea or concept real; giving specific or definite form to; for instance, the theme park is an attempt to concretize our fantasies.’

Individuating oneself by combining contrasting elements allows for many interpretations, images, and feelings. The collective impact of our technological inventions far exceeds what we initially visualize. The paper emphasizes the human side of concretization, which Simondon calls the unification of “synergy, superabundant functionality, coherence, internal resonance, and formalization” (1).

Purpose:

We aim to ‘share’ our concretization processes. ‘The world that we can ‘share’ is always and still to be elaborated by us and between us, starting from the perception and affirmation of what and who we are as humans here and now’ (2). We aim to share our felt experiences when concretizing our technological inventions, thereby individuating ourselves.

Method:

Individuating the Self by Arranging Contrasting Elements

1. Selecting the opening (sentence) structure initiates using knowledge for practical purposes. It is a self-reflexive process.

2. From the opening structure, identify the essential elements (words), deconstruct them, and assemble disparate and similar words (elements) from a dictionary.

3. Substitute alternative words from the assemblage in #2 to create a new meaning for #1.

4. To concretize is to make sense of disparate elements in an interrelated system. This is achieved by sorting, sifting, selecting, and substituting words representing one’s feelings and experiences, creating new dichotomies and dimensions with a better sense of value.

Findings

1. Our technological inventions brought new properties and complementary functions beyond those initially sought.

2. The assemblage of disparate elements allows for the multiple uses of the elements brought together. Rather than serving a single purpose, every element of the assemblage acquires a plurality of justifications and meanings. The effects are superabundant functionality and far exceed the formalization of the opening structure.

In the full paper, we present two instances of concretization and individuation.

References:

[1] Chabot, Pascal, The Philosophy of Simondon Between Technology and Individuation, Bloomsbury, 2003

[2] Irigaray, Luce, Sharing The World, Continuum, 2008

Keywords: TECHNOLOGICAL INVENTION, CONCRETIZATION, INDIVIDUATION

You will find here a preview of your abstract, once you have filled in the data (title, text, authors) required to do so.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/27/2024 16:37:32
Subject: identifying the quantity and quality of postings
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

I have identified 22 names thus far for co-authorship. They have been sent to you by email. I have to complete the list before tomorrow, 3/28, evening. I have a day and a half to identify more authors. I am looking for quantity (the practice in the fishbowl) and quality (the process) of knowledge development.

If there is anyone I am missing who deserves to be mentioned, please let me know by email. You may ask me to consider your work if I have missed it.

Thank you.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/16/2024 17:45:44
Subject: mental structures and symbolic interactionism
------------------------------------------------------------
Re: symbolic interactionism

Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. This letter has been a long while in the ‘making.’

I’m attaching two films below. Kinky Boots again, and Japanese Story.

Our purpose in watching both films is to understand the concept of words, symbols, and images, and their power over our interactions.

Think of words in terms of images, symbols, and signs. 

What we see in both films is the plurality of meanings among the Actors and their relationship to technology and the environment (please Google ‘Actor-Network Theory’).

In the fishbowl, you have been constructing meaning and making sense of structures after sorting, sifting, selecting, and substituting words as evidenced by your postings. Both films depict the same as your actions in the fishbowl: we see situations of contrasting 'mental structures’ (please Google), and the Actors are constructing interpretations and creating meaning through the exchange of words. For instance, in Kinky Boots, it is a transformative step to get from “making a range of shoes for men to making shoes for a range of men.” 

Skills:

1. stopping in your tracks, turning around, and asking what you mean by that; constructing meaning.

2. recognizing operative symbols during an interaction. Please google ‘symbolic interactionism.’

3. Let go of ‘symbolic structures’ (please Google) and be in the space of friendship, and allies for building structures.

When doing your Google searches from above, connect situations from the two films as examples to clinch deeper understanding; and deep thinking.

Sanjiv

PLURALITY, SYMBOL, REPRESENTATION, OPERATIVE, MEANING, RECOGNIZE, INTERACTION, DEPICT 

from the fishbowl...

Japanese Story

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1i8tHB8ID0D9-0JAQsNAjnLaxGifSOvPT/view?Jusp=sharing

Kinky Boots

https://drive.google.com/file/d/12h4f1ET-djdMRthz3Trgz0NM4qWKyy5m/view?usp=sharing

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/12/2024 1:34:22
Subject: concretization
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you have a wonderful spring break for you deserve it.

According to Gilbert Simondon (please Google) “technological invention consists of assembling a coherent system from disparate elements. He defined “concretization" as an assemblage of elements forming a coherent system. These terms allow for the multi-functionality of the elements that you assemble. Rather than serving a single function, each element of the invention acquires a plurality of functions. The effects of the invention exceed the formulation of the initial problem. 

In Simondon’s terms, your postings in the fishbowl are concretizations. Please see Sophia Rousseau’s postings below as one example. Concretization, according to Simondon, may be understood as “the unification of certain fundamental concepts: synergy, superabundant functionality, coherence, internal resonance, and formalization.”

Simondon’s technological invention Is your re-constructed structure of words. Your restructuring consists of a collection of disparate elements (words, dichotomies, etc) to form a coherent system. Consequently, every word in your restructure acquires a plurality of meanings. The effects of your restructure exceed its initial formulation of meaning.

The above are some initial thoughts for an abstract that captures what you are doing in the fishbowl.

Sanjiv

TECHNOLOGICAL, INVENTION, DISPARATE, ELEMENT, ASSEMBLY, COHERENT, SYSTEM, CONCRETIZE

from the fishbowl..

sophiarousseau

Posts: 77

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 12:07 pm

Re: Assignments - to be the bets or to be the most response

Post by sophiarousseau » Mon Mar 04, 2024 4:37 pm

- "bi-dimensional system of relations of power and relations of meaning."

- dimensional - spatial, extensive.

- system - structure, framework, arrangement.

- relations - connections, interactions, associations, links.

- power - authority, control, influence, dominance.

- meaning - significance, interpretation, understanding.

- multidimensional framework of connections of authority and associations of significance.

- While watching "Kinky Boots" the framework of connections can be seen between Charlie, Prince, and Lola. As the movie progresses, Charlie forms a connection with Lola. Their collaboration in creating boots for drag performers illustrates the dynamic of authority and associations. During their partnership, they navigate the complex relations of power and significance.

sophiarousseau

Posts: 77

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 12:07 pm

Re: Assignments - the life of practice response.

Post by sophiarousseau » Wed Mar 06, 2024 10:27 pm

- "Self-expression is a practice and its skill is a sustainable advantage in complex and diverse situations."

- expression - articulation, manifestation, declaration.

- practice - routine, habit, tradition.

- skill - proficiency, competence, talent.

- sustainable - viable, lasting, enduring.

- complex - intricate, convoluted, complicated.

- diverse - varied, multifaceted, assorted.

- situations - circumstances, conditions, scenarios.

- self-declaration is a habitual practice, and its proficiency is a sustainable advantage in complex and diverse situations.

- In both movies we watched the characters engage in self-expression. The dedication the different characters show to their crafts (although they were both in different situations) demonstrates a commitment to honing their skills as well as their character.

sophiarousseau

Posts: 77

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 12:07 pm

Re: Assignments - selecting two words and creating a dichotomy response.

Post by sophiarousseau » Sun Mar 10, 2024 12:04 pm

- "comparing and contrasting the two words, you are generating the relations between them."

- comparing - contrasting, examining, juxtaposing.

- contrasting - comparing, distinguishing.

- words - terms, vocabulary, language.

- generating - producing, creating.

- relations - connections, associations, links.

- between - among, amidst, amid.

- By juxtaposing two words we can create links and connections amid them.

- Recently in a group project in one of my courses the members of my group had to decide upon a topic for a semester-long project. Although at first, we all had contradicting ideas, we wrote them all down in order to elaborate on them. While elaborating on these different ideas we found small associations between different brands. Because of these smaller links, we were able to pivot our idea entirely and come to a consensus.

sophiarousseau

Posts: 77

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 12:07 pm

Re: Assignments - moving images of social interaction response.

Post by sophiarousseau » Sun Mar 10, 2024 12:04 pm

- "underlying structures that are taken for granted we call “culture."

- structures - framework, arrangement, systems.

- granted - conceded, allowed, acknowledged.

- culture - society, heritage, civilization.

- underlying - inherent, implicit, fundamental

- taken - seized, obtained, acquired.

- Fundamental structures that are often left unacknowledged are inherent signs of civilization.

- I connect withe this sentence because of its implication that every person holds a deep cultural, beliefs, and traditions although they do not openly show these in everyday life. I remember at one time in my life when making a new friend, when first meeting and connecting with them I knew nothing of their beliefs and culture. In one instance when going to their home, I met their family and experiences their culture for the first time. Although it was not outwardly started by my friend, seeing the context of the underlying elements that made my friend who they are helped me create a stronger understanding of who they are as a person.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/11/2024 16:43:57
Subject: Re: Google Searches: The Fifth Discipline
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Declan,

Thank you for your email. My thoughts are on several levels.

 

First, revisiting the matter of the grade. Whenever there are felt experiences expressed that fit the structure, you are in the A category. How deeply one thinks about structures and how often, affects your final grade. In other words, both the quality and quantity of your learning will count. I would expect you to get an A for the course.

Second, your selecting Senge is most discerning because with everything gone online and with the advent of ChatGPT, it is the individual’s singular learning that is of value to organizations who are facing a level playing field. 

Third, As a team leader, a manager, or an administrator, the ability to understand, facilitate, and encourage processes of self-organization (like you are doing below) will become a key competence. This has come about because we are leaving the age of organized organizations. Our fishbowl depicts our competence, regardless of what I might say.

Fourth, according to Albert Einstein, “Imagination is more important than knowledge. To raise new questions, new possibilities, to regard old problems from a new angle, requires creative imagination and marks real advances in science.” Your postings in the fishbowl, like your email below, are an invitation to reimage ourselves and what we do. You invite the viewer to develop new ways of thinking about organization and management. No kidding!

Best,

Sanjiv

On Mar 10, 2024, at 2:59 PM, Declan Botwinick <dbotwinick@uri.edu> wrote:

Dear Professor Dugal,

As I catch up on some of the letters I missed over this break, I am beginning to understand the implications of the fishbowl and how it operates. I was reviewing the work of Peter Senge, and found the laws of the fifth discipline fascinating. I am attaching my response below this paragraph as I would love to know your thoughts on my conclusions drawn from his work. I hope you enjoy your Spring Break.

Sincerely, 

Declan Botwinick

Re: Google Searches: The Fifth Discipline

 

The Fifth Discipline is a book published by Peter Senge in 1990. The general concept of the book is exploring a "learning organization." The first four disciplines are Personal Mastery, Mental Models, Building Shared Visions, and Team Learning. The Fifth Discipline is "Systems thinking" or how the prior four disciplines integrate. The objective of this learning organization is to create companies that focus on results that matter to their objectives. Additionally, Senge highlights 11 laws of the fifth discipline (with my commentary on each law below). 

1. Today's problems come from yesterday's "solutions."

 If you present a halfhearted 'band-aid' solution to a problem, it may work for a while until it doesn't, which can lead to snowballed problems. An example of this can be found in the recent manufacturing issues at Boeing, where many of the current issues are rumored to have been through management cutting costs and consolidating their HQ to Chicago. 

2. The harder you push, the harder the system pushes back.

 An object in motion loves to stay in motion, and vice versa. Additionally, nature prefers calm to volatility. Big sweeping moves are likely to be unpopular, whereas the same move but broken up can be accomplished without much notice. 

3. Behavior grows better before it grows worse.

 This one is pretty similar to #1. If you have an issue, and present a solution that works briefly before falling apart, the behavior has indeed grown better before falling back into problematic territory. 

4. The easy way out usually leads back in. 

 A lot of the laws here focus on doing things the right way rather than the easy way. A great example of this is the rise of 'education' software like chegg.com. The easy way out: getting your homework done quickly and without much thought. Back in: when you inevitably fail the exam from not practicing any of the problems that you "solved" 

5. The cure can be worse than the disease. 

 From a literal perspective, this can be true, you see this now with the over prescription of anti-bacterial pharmaceutics which in turn create highly resistant new bacteria. You can see how this would apply in the management realm too. 

6. Faster is slower. 

 Who won that race between the tortoise and the hare again? 

7. Cause and effect are not closely related in time and space 

 When solving a problem related to management, you can't just focus on the immediate causes. If there is something that is underlying or systemic, focus should be brought there first. 

8. Small changes can produce big results... but the areas of highest leverage are often the least obvious. 

 A great example of this occurred to me in sailing. There is a maneuver in sailing called "tacking", it a simple maneuver which results in changing your position, allowing you to sail into the wind. I have done this maneuver probably tens of thousands of times over the past 15 years. This year, I learned a new way of doing it thanks to our new coach, which is highly effective. All the great results I have achieved over the years were in spite of this maneuver being fundamentally incorrect. Sobering, to say the least. 

9. You can have your cake and eat it too- but not all at once

 Winning takes time. Don't sell yourself short before the work is complete. 

10. Dividing an elephant in half doesn't produce two small elephants. 

 If there is an elephant in the room, you may not gain from just simply splitting the work. Instead, the root causes should be identified and rooted out of an organization. 

11. There is no blame. 

 Truly effective managers know that the buck stops with them, even if an underling screws up or if something happens out of the manager's control. There is no benefit to trying to assign blame, and steps should be taken to control the outcomes before they happen 

This is a fascinating look into successful management tactics and the applications of the laws in your own life are plentiful.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/7/2024 12:43:23
Subject: Have a Nice Day!
------------------------------------------------------------
glengustafson

Posts: 54

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 1:02 pm

Deconstructing Letters

post by glengustafson » Wed Jan 24, 2024 1:15 pm

Deconstructing Letters

glengustafson

Posts: 54

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 1:02 pm

Re: Deconstructing Letters

post by glengustafson » Sun Jan 28, 2024 12:00 pm

"the word we first select leads to a trajectory of thoughts, a continuum, which weaves a tapestry from our imagination"

The choices we make in how we communicate cause the path in which we express our feelings. This is a continuance of our self that connects us to our own thoughts.

glengustafson

Posts: 54

Re: Deconstructing Letters

post by glengustafson » Sun Jan 28, 2024 12:38 pm

"Note-making is more common while reading; it consists of deliberately crafting your version so you can learn and create better."

Note-making is normally done while reading, the act of consciously creating our thoughts and ideas based on the text you read so you can absorb the information given and connect it to other applications.

glengustafson

Posts: 54

Re: Deconstructing Letters

Unread post by glengustafson » Fri Feb 02, 2024 12:12 pm

"We learn by reflecting and thinking about our experiences."

By directing our minds towards our experiences we are able to gain knowledge of our skills and information.

glengustafson

Posts: 54

Re: Deconstructing Letters

Unread post by glengustafson » Mon Feb 05, 2024 12:56 pm

"Fundamental to our exchange in the fishbowl is the way one’s process and practice are structured, i.e., the way one’s process and practice are put together"

The central principle on what our responses in the fishing bowl are based on is the series of events or the application of our ideas in our previous experiences. These are joined by the manner in which we combine our perspectives and procedures.

glengustafson

Posts: 54

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 1:02 pm

Re: Deconstructing Letters

post by glengustafson » Mon Feb 26, 2024 12:04 pm

"The key argument in deconstruction is that constructing meaning is unreliable as the language that communicates meaning is itself unreliable."

The premise of deconstruction asserts the idea that creating meaning is inherently flawed because the language used in conversation is inaccurate.

glengustafson

Posts: 54

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 1:02 pm

Re: Deconstructing Letters

post by glengustafson » Mon Feb 26, 2024 12:05 pm

"To give evidence of one’s learning through the experience of Doing, one has to describe an instance, incident, or event, in the First person, and answer the question How so?"

In order to demonstrate one’s acquisition of knowledge through experimental engagement, it is imperative to describe an occurrence or event as if you were in one’s shoes and think to one’s self how it contributes to one’s growth.

glengustafson

Posts: 54

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 1:02 pm

Re: Deconstructing Letters

post by glengustafson » Mon Feb 26, 2024 12:06 pm

"In the fishbowl, we take off from historic structures (opening sentence, text, theory, knowledge) and construct new structures that are closer to our hearts."

From our previous work we collect elements of knowledge and forge new ideas that resonate deeply with our own values.

glengustafson

Posts: 54

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 1:02 pm

Re: Deconstructing Letters

post by glengustafson » Mon Feb 26, 2024 12:06 pm

"It is about 'thinking about what you are doing and why you are doing it' instead of going through the motions is fundamental to the definition of mindfulness."

The meaning is, to be conscious of your actions and motives, in contrast to just completing the task as that is the foundation of mindfulness.

glengustafson

Posts: 54

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 1:02 pm

Re: Deconstructing Letters - Deploying attention

post by glengustafson » Wed Mar 06, 2024 12:27 pm

"We are learning how to exert mental control over our use of always-on communication channels. We are learning to live mindfully in cyberculture."

As learners when we explore, we find methods to apply cognitive control over our continual access to communication channels, enabling us to adapt and live knowledgably within cyberculture.

glengustafson

Posts: 54

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 1:02 pm

Re: Deconstructing Letters - Real and virtual

post by glengustafson » Wed Mar 06, 2024 12:29 pm

"The world of postings is concrete, real, and ordered on the surface."

The realm of digital media presents itself as tangible, genuine, and organized at a shallow level.

glengustafson

Posts: 54

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 1:02 pm

Re: Deconstructing Letters

post by glengustafson » Wed Mar 06, 2024 12:34 pm

"If we had more access to our own past, to memory, to inter-textuality and inter-subjectivity, our sense of purpose would be immensely augmented."

Broadening our ability to tap into our personal history, memories, the interconnectedness of texts, and the dynamics of human interaction would not only deepen our understanding of ourselves but also improve our sense of direction and meaning in life.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/28/2024 14:35:29
Subject: canceling today's rendezvous
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

I’m canceling our rendezvous today (@ 1 pm Ballentine and 2 pm Quinn), primarily because of the weather, but also because I'm working on my next letter to you, I’m at a cross-road, it has taken three days to come, and I don’t wish to break the momentum. My apologies particularly to Brock because we will miss our weekly parleys. I will make it up at his convenience.

How should we view and read into a society like Ballroom dance? 

At the start, you should have seen the film and taken down the utterances.

Our approach in the fishbowl consists of a constructed dialogue among ourselves regarding ballroom dancing, in which we clarify the overall thrust of our theoretical and research practice, and reflect upon that practice in candid and accessible terms. Please see Sam Gugliotta’s posting below.

Our purpose, when viewing Strictly Ballroom, is to produce novel propositions generatively. 

Sanjiv

PROPOSITION, NOVEL, PRODUCE, GENERATIVE

from the fishbowl...

samgugliotta

Posts: 43

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 9:58 am

Contact: Contact samgugliotta

Re: Assignments

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by samgugliotta » Tue Feb 27, 2024 9:33 pm

Strictly ballroom assignment

Step 1:

Adventure and Security

Step 2:

Adventure: exploration, excitement, discovery, thrill, freedom, growth, growth

Security: certainty, safety, guarantee, comfort, predictability, routine, protection, assurance, familiarity

Step 3:

“The need to constantly feel familiarity prevents one from seeking self-discovery”

Step 4:

After finishing the film “Strictly Ballroom”, I have determined the themes of Adventure and Security fit well with the movie's message, and relate to the main character greatly. Scott Hastings is a male ballroom dancer who challenges the norms of ballroom dancing by creating his style of choreography, amazing fans, and angering the establishment at the same time. Having the drive to pursue his style and break away from the traditional dance norms highlights the spirit of adventure that Scott pushes for throughout the film. His ability to take risks even though they could be career-ruining highlights how important risk-taking can be in anyone's life. On the other hand, the immense pressure to conform to social norms and dance traditionally highlights security that all of us have felt at some point. Pushback from friends, family, and peers affects everyone's lives and this is evident during “Strictly Ballroom”. The message in the film is to go into life with the hope of creating new experiences for yourself, regardless of what others may think. I can relate to this message because pushing to be unique and seek adventure has been a big part of my life. Since I was younger, I always had a love and appreciation for music and sound production. At first, I started as a casual listener and never thought of creating my own work. When I was 15, I was desperate to attempt to make music but felt scrutinized by my friends and peers. I felt that releasing my own music was too personal, and I unfortunately feared the judgment of others. After years of creating songs and never releasing them, I finally realized that following the same path as others was boring and overall unenjoyable. My mother put it best when she said “Life is too short, do what makes you happy”. This is a motto I learned to live by and now I have released multiple songs and enjoyed every step of the way, whether it was difficult or incredible. Feeling comfortable and having security is great in moderation, but stepping outside of your comfort zone allows you to become more fulfilled, and see life with an all-new perspective. Doing what you like and being adventurous regardless of what others think should be the way that every person lives.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/26/2024 12:47:44
Subject: selecting two words and creating a dichotomy
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

How should I make sense of my experience immersed in the Business of Ballroom dancing?

How should I make sense of my experience of living and learning in the College of Business?

You are juxtaposing things, people, metaphors, images, feelings, contexts, perspectives, outcomes, structures.

A dichotomy is the juxtaposing of two words.

By comparing and contrasting the two words, you are generating the relations between them.

That is, you are generating structures of words. Sentences.

We project our sentence structures on a big screen and then compare and contrast them as well.

In this way, through dialog and dialectic, reflection and imagination, I journey to the end and give an account of what is the meaning of Sanjiv in the College of Business. Please see Sam Gugliotta's postings below.

The bottom line. Develop a sentence structure between two words and then deconstruct the structure by infusing your experience from the past. Your process must be organic, fluid, and evolving to a deeper understanding. You are sorting, sifting, selecting, and substituting. You are familiar with the process by now.

Sanjiv

DICHOTOMY, DIALOG, DIALECTIC, IMAGE, IMAGINATION

from the fishbowl...

samgugliotta

Posts: 40

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 9:58 am

Re: Assignments

Post by samgugliotta » Thu Feb 22, 2024 3:19 pm

Karl Weick and Sense-making

Karl Weick is an american organizational theorist and is a university professor at Michigan University. Weick is known throughout the world for his work as a scholar, writing several pieces about organizational behavior such as collective sensemaking under pressure, medical errors, handoffs in extreme events, and continuous change. His largest achievements would be his winning of the 1990 “Best Article of the Year” Award for his influential article “Theory Construction as Disciplined Imagination”, and his 1969 book “The Social Psychology of Organizing” being named one of the best business books ever written. Weick’s theory of Sensemaking is the process in which people give meaning to their collective experiences. To simplify, this means it is the process that allows people to understand difficult or confusing situations. There is some sort of disagreement as there is no clear definition on whether it is an ongoing process or occurs during these rare events. The seven properties of sensemaking include:

Identity and identification

Retrospection provides opportunities for sensemaking

People enact the environments they face in dialogues

Sensemaking is a social activity in that plausible stories are shared, but the audience includes the speaker themselves

Sensemaking is ongoing

People extract cues from the context to help them decide on what info is relevant

People favor plausibility over accuracy

samgugliotta

Posts: 40

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 9:58 am

Re: Assignments

Post by samgugliotta » Sun Feb 25, 2024 8:02 pm

Theory of movement images, Deleuze, and Bergson

Bergson was a philosopher that said the world is always moving, but we see it as separate moments due to our habits and needs. Deleuze decided to test this theory by applying them to film, stating movies can show the constant movement of reality better than other storytelling forms. With the use of perception images, action images, and affection images, movies convey messages the best. Perception images show what we see, action images show what characters do and how events unfold, and affection images highlight the emotions being conveyed. By better understanding the images, we can see the ways the movies affect us and how they reflect constant change in the world.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/25/2024 14:53:44
Subject: moving images of social interaction
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Please watch the films as 'moving images of social interaction.’ (Google Movement Images, and the names of Deleuze, Bergson. It is good to know these Guys. They will be your friends for a long time to come.) Our learning process focuses on observing and analyzing the everyday practices of the people in the two films and the methods they use to make sense of their social world.

 

We are to realize and understand the “common-sense knowledge” and the “rules of conduct” that people use in their daily interactions. For instance, ourselves trying to understand the rules for creating knowledge and experiences in a fishbowl. 

By observing and analyzing people's interactions, we gain insights into the underlying norms, values, and beliefs that shape their behavior.

Norms, values, and beliefs are generally invisible; underlying structures that are taken for granted we call “culture." 

So, let's consider the business of Strictly Ballroom. When we watch the moving images of social interaction, what insights do we get into the 'underlying norms, values, and beliefs that shape the behavior of the protagonists’? How do we uncover hidden assumptions and taken-for-granted knowledge that people use to navigate their social world? The How can be valuable in understanding the underlying structures and processes that shape social interactions.

HOW do we begin to address such a question? WHERE do we start and WHY?

Step 1. 

Make a dichotomy of two words. This first selection of words will influence the trajectory of the thought movement. You have juxtaposed any of the following expressions: two-word images, two metaphors, two ideas, two symbols, two aspects as the cornerstone of the structure of words you intend to construct.

You have been successfully deconstructing structures thus far, and now you are constructing one and you have complete freedom except one: it must have meaning.

You are giving meaning to what you are seeing and experiencing and you are sharing your views in the fishbowl. After sorting, sifting, selecting, and substituting we zero into two words. We intend to weave a web around these two words.

The act of juxtaposition is a subjective and creative act that is self-reflective and intuitive. This action is the first step, so please be careful and start over when it is not going anywhere meaningful. Remember the practice of life is about making sense, creating meaning, context, and discourse.

Step 2. 

We create a word pool for each of the selected 2 words, and we are free to take the words further to create expanding pools. You are familiar with this step. It is doing your vocabulary. This activity focuses on a word without distraction. It is meditative. It is contemplative.

The word pool is the context, the backdrop, the discourse, and the boundary. You have been creating it since the first day.

Contextual understanding is particularly useful when studying complex social processes or when trying to understand the reasons behind people’s actions.

Step 3. 

From the previous step, we construct an opening sentence: word structure. It is simple, it is pithy, it is an axiom, an aphorism, malleable, flexible, and open to multiple interpretations. 

Castles in the air: We make these things by the choices that we make.

Step 4. Within the context and the structure you have created a space, visualized a circle, and staked your position; your point of view. You did this by expressing felt experiences from your past and infusing them into your analysis and observations of the moving images depicted in Strictly Ballroom.

In conclusion, there is nothing I’ve said here that you are not familiar with. The bottom line is the two contrasting words you select and begin a journey of knowing and knowledge creation that is uniquely yours.

Please see Dylan Demers's field notes and the posting by Ryan Dumont. In the field, your notes are everything, so nurture them assiduously. 

Sanjiv

OBSERVE, ANALYSE, MOVEMENT, IMAGE, SOCIAL, INTERACTION, NORM, VALUE, BELIEF, BEHAVIOR, ROLE

from the fishbowl...

dylandemers

Posts: 59

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 12:19 am

Re: Letter Deconstructions 6

Post by dylandemers » Sun Feb 18, 2024 7:38 pm

Sentence: “When examining how meaning is created and understood, it is useful to understand the role of context.”

Examining - auditing, checking, considering, criticizing, inspecting, pondering, scanning, reviewing

Meaning - definition, content, substance

Created - assembled, completed, constructed, fabricated, finished, made, produced

Understood - accepted, appreciated, implied, inferred, presumed

Useful - advantageous, appropriate, effective, convenient, favorable, fruitful, good

Understand - accept, fathom, grasp, follow, realize, know, interpret

Role - act, character, part, performance

Context - background, situation, text, conditions

New Sentence: “When inspecting how content is constructed and accepted, it is advantageous to grasp the background of text.”

This resonates with me because it talks about how understanding the entire situation, not just the surface level is very useful to understanding it as a whole. Focusing on what is just in front of you and not doing a full 360, will end up hurting you in the end. The example in my life was and still is math. I always would try each different problem and topic the same way, never would switch up how I studied, read problems, or took tests. This made it hard to understand the full context of what my mind was attempting to learn and how it perceived each problem. What I could have done differently is reach out for help to get a different perspective, and understand why we are doing what we are doing so I can fully grasp the situation at hand correctly.

dylandemers

Posts: 59

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 12:19 am

Re: Letter Deconstructions 7

Post by dylandemers » Mon Feb 19, 2024 11:21 am

Sentence: “Knowledge and knowing happens when you intend it to happen.”

Synonyms:

Knowledge - ability, awareness, education, expertise, intelligence, wisdom

Knowing - sophistication, insightfulness, intelligence,

Happens - occurs, develops, exists, results, transpires, ensues,

Intend - aim, contemplate, design, designate, propose, appoint, attempt, resolve, destine

Happen - occur, develop, exist, result, transpire, ensue

New Sentence: “Education and sophistication occurs when you destine it to transpire.”

This sentence resonates with me because it stresses the fact of something we have been learning and experiencing all semester. When you have a specific goal and make clear intentions with yourself on how you will achieve that goal, education will follow naturally. Going through the motions will make it harder to grasp the subject at hand. For example, I study Spanish weekly, have conversations out loud with people around me, write down words over and over, and use apps and websites to help even more. Going through this specific process with the intention to gain a general understanding of a foreign language has helped me adapt to learning. People who just follow the work given and hand it in for the grade aren’t actually learning. When you intend for things to happen, those things will eventually happen.

dylandemers

Posts: 59

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 12:19 am

Re: Letter Deconstructions 8

Post by dylandemers » Wed Feb 21, 2024 9:16 am

Sentence: “Your creativity and experience come into play when selecting a contrast.”

Synonyms:

Creativity - imagination, cleverness, ingenuity, inspiration, originality, talent, vision

Experience - acquaintance, background, exposure, familiarity, involvement, participation, knowledge, understanding

Come - appear, arrive, become, enter, get, happen, move, occur, show

Play - show, performance

Selecting - choosing, electing, nominating, recruiting

Contrast - contradiction, disparity, opposition, variation

New Sentence: “Your ingenuity and familiarity appear to show when choosing a variation.”

Meaning:

What resonates with me on this email, specifically this sentence is finding meaning through contrasting. In doing this, looking through past experiences is a major key into contrasting and finding meaning between two different things. For example, I’ve had a lot of experience in the construction field growing up, and now I look at everything around me to find some type of meaning comparing it to a job I’ve done in the past. Such as “How can I improve this job for everyone around me?” I use the skills I’ve learned in the past to present day find meaning in school, specifically the Fishbowl.

dylandemers

Posts: 59

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 12:19 am

Re: Letter Deconstructions 9

Post by dylandemers » Thu Feb 22, 2024 12:02 am

Sentence: “You are developing the practice of imbuing your reality with meaning.”

Synonyms:

Developing - changing, growing, altering, wavering, modifying

Practice - form, habit, method, process, rule, system, tradition

Imbuing - inculcating, ingraining, instilling, pervading, leaving

Reality - existence, matter, actuality

Meaning - connotation, context, hint, explanation, subject, understanding

New Sentence: “You are modifying the method of instilling your existence with connotation.”

What resonates with me with this specific sentence is that everything we are doing is for a reason and it is a small process into shaping our future. A lot of people might think the Fishbowl is pointless, but it personally allows me to freely and openly express myself and what comes to my mind while sorting and sifting. Being able to read a passage/email, then interpret it how I believe it should be has brought me a lot of confidence in situations where I am working alone on something.

dylandemers

Posts: 59

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 12:19 am

Re: Letter Deconstructions 10

post by dylandemers » Fri Feb 23, 2024 10:08 pm

Sentence: “We are learning how to analyze the exchange of words.”

Synonyms:

Learning - training, schooling, researching, developing,

Analyze - consider, evaluate, inspect, interpret, investigate, study, scrutinize

Exchange - change, swap, transfer, conversion, commerce

Words - terms, phrases, expressions

New Sentence: “We are training how to evaluate the transfer of terms.”

This sentence from this letter resonates with me because it’s a common theme in this class this semester. I personally took the time to read other posts and try to understand other perspectives, by how they interpret letters in their own creative way. By doing this I am learning how to evaluate each perspective, and interpret it in my own way. This unstructured free flowing system allows me and others to socially construct our own reality which I am doing now.

ryandumont

Posts: 32

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 2:03 pm

Re: Google searches: Deconstruction

Post by ryandumont » Thu Feb 08, 2024 3:51 pm

Jacques Derrida was a French philosopher, best known for developing the philosophical approach known as deconstruction. Deconstruction is a method of textual analysis that aims to uncover and destabilize the underlying binary oppositions and hierarchical structures present in language, philosophy, and culture. According to Derrida, these binary oppositions (such as presence/absence, speech/writing, and nature/culture) are not fixed and stable but are instead fluid and interdependent.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/24/2024 2:35:09
Subject: socially constructing reality
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

It is energizing to read your postings. Gets you motivated.

You are interacting with ideas, and evoking images and words describing your felt experiences.

We know How you do it. 

And we also know that when you do it as a daily practice, you are creating a self-constructed world.

It is known as social constructivism. Please google

Social constructivism is the view that learning occurs through social interaction and the help of others, often in a group. Social constructivism is based on the idea that learners construct new knowledge.

It is a good time to hit pause to read the text generated by others in the fishbowl. 

All those wonderful Google Searches, vocabulary, and deconstructions. 

I’ve been struggling with my next letter but I will get it right and get you right between the eyes.

It has to do with the watching of Strictly Ballroom and Kinky Boots. 

How should you watch them? Is there an assignment?

At this junction, as you watch the films, please copy verbatim the words exchanged among the actors in the two films. Copy as much as you can. We are learning how to analyze the exchange of words. How do the protagonists in the films socially construct their reality? What are the underlying structures, the ones we cannot see? These are the sorts of things we will be addressing going forward. The How to do it! How to address it.

Sanjiv

MOTIVATE, ENERGIZE, INTERACT, IDEA, EVOKE, IMAGE, DESCRIBE, SOCIAL, CONSTRUCT

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/22/2024 1:30:39
Subject: watching movies together
------------------------------------------------------------
NOTE: Any student feeling lost or left out or behind should come to class next week and together we will get you back on track, step by step.

Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

I. Deconstructing text

From what I can see most of you have the hang of the method of deconstructing text to widen understanding. You are developing the practice of imbuing your reality with meaning. Meaning is forever in formation and eludes us, as we construct, deconstruct, and establish an identity. 

We are taking our position in the space of discourse (please Google the term).

Our method, at this point, boils down to four steps: 

opening structure, 

word pool, 

re-structure (sorting, sifting, selecting, and substituting), and 

a felt experience.

We are forging ahead, as you continue with your weekly tasks of vocabulary, Google searches, deconstructions, and assignments.

II. Sensemaking

We are making sense of things in the fishbowl. Please see the posting below.

shannonmcdonald

Posts: 31

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 9:26 am

Contact: Contact shannonmcdonald

Re: Google Search

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Unread post by shannonmcdonald » Wed Feb 21, 2024 11:47 am

Sense Making-Karl E Weick

Karl Edward Weick (born October 31, 1936) is an American organizational theorist who introduced the concepts of "loose coupling", "mindfulness", and "sensemaking" into organizational studies. He is the Rensis Likert Distinguished University Professor at the Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan. Karl E Weick highlights how the `sensemaking′ process shapes organizational structure and behavior. The process is seen as the creation of reality as an ongoing accomplishment that takes form when people make retrospective sense of the situations in which they find themselves. Sensemaking is the process by which people give meaning to their collective experiences. It has been defined as "the ongoing retrospective development of plausible images that rationalize what people are doing"

III. Assignment

Please watch the following two films Strictly Ballroom and Kinky Boots. We are watching the films together as ethnographers. Ethnography is a type of social research that involves examining the behavior of the participants in a given social situation in both films and understanding our interpretation of such behavior.

In Strictly Ballroom you witness how the social order in the business of ballroom dancing (compare with the College of Business) is reproduced and sustained. How innovation is a threat to the established order.

In Kinky Boots you are looking at two cultures with different structures and the skills it takes to connect and thrive as a business.

As you watch the films, take down words spoken (words exchanged) and have meaning for you from your experience. These are field notes in ethnographic research where you are a 'participant observer' (please Google).

Sanjiv

IMBUE, REALITY, MEANING, POSITION, SPACE, DISCOURSE

Strictly Ballroom

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1RPmv5H4rcf7XNSGb6gCur-qaGJZGIQ7G/view?usp=sharing

Kinky Boots

https://drive.google.com/file/d/12h4f1ET-djdMRthz3Trgz0NM4qWKyy5m/view?usp=sharing

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/15/2024 15:37:34
Subject: theorizing and storytelling
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

In the activity of re-use and re-appropriation lies an abundance of opportunities for entrepreneurs (and leaders) to subvert the representations that textbooks (and institutions) seek to impose upon them. Please google Michel de Certeau, The Practice of Everyday Life.

Dylan Demers's activity exemplifies his ‘practice of everyday life.’ 

It warrants at least an A-. He theorizes and understands by re-using and re-appropriating the text.

He can empower his text and get an A if, in his last posting, he gives specific examples of 'being impulsive,' 'wrong decisions to be made,' and 'faking it.’ 

Dylan Demers becomes the storyteller and we the audience.

Sanjiv

REUSE, REAPPROPRIATE, EXEMPLIFY, SUBVERT, REPRESENTATION, EMPOWER, LIFE, TELL

from the fishbowl...

dylandemers

Posts: 39

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 12:19 am

Re: Letter Deconstructions 1

Post by dylandemers » Tue Feb 06, 2024 2:45 pm

"Fundamental to our exchange is the way one’s process and practice are structured, I.e., the way they are put together"

fundamental - Elemental

exchange - trade

way - method

process - operation

practice - preparation

structure - arranged

Elemental to our trade is the method one’s operation and preparation are arranged. I.e., the way they are put together"

What I took from this is that all people we need to have and end goal, and that will happen based on what we do with ourselves every day from interactions to thoughts.

dylandemers

Posts: 39

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 12:19 am

Re: Letter Deconstructions 2

Post by dylandemers » Tue Feb 06, 2024 3:41 pm

" Describing an example is the hard part because it takes focused reflection and interpretation with a dollop of imagination"

Describing - Reporting

Example - Sample

hard - challenging

focused - engaged

reflection - contemplation

interpretation - explanation

dollop - clump

imagination - creativity

"Reporting a sample is the challenging part because it takes engaged consideration and explanation with a clump of creativity."

This sentence resonates with me because speaking publicly and getting the right point across to different audiences can be challenging. It takes a lot of creativity as well because you can always experience things you are unprepared for. Being ready for whatever and being able to be creative at any notice is an amazing life skill to have.

dylandemers

Posts: 39

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 12:19 am

Re: Letter Deconstructions 3

Post by dylandemers » Wed Feb 14, 2024 6:09 pm

Deconstruction:

Sentence - “We do not always express Feelings because they’re often Confused, and even Frightening”

Thesaurus:

Always - consistently, constantly, ever, invariably, regularly, repeated

Express - convey, explicit, clear, considered, direct, exact, plain, pointed

Feelings - affections, conscience, emotions, soul

Often - generally, regularly, usually

Confused - baffled, befuddled, dazed, distracted, muddled, perplexed, puzzled

Frightening - daunting, disheartening, formidable

New Sentence - “We do not constantly convey Emotions because they’re regularly Dazed, and even disheartening.”

Example from the past:

This sentence sits with me and makes me think a lot. After reading the post with your assistant Matt, this sentence caught my eye. In the past, I always use to bring up my emotions whether I was mad, happy, or even sad. I did not realize when I was younger that the transaction of feelings or emotions between other people can be a very confusing thing. I always thought people were rude, or didn’t want to listen to me because it didn’t pertain to them. What I got from this specific sentence and based off my past is that everyone has different feelings and reactions to certain emotions, which can often cause challenges when trying to express them. I didn’t understand this as a kid, but definitely experienced it when I was listened to by friends and family.

dylandemers

Posts: 39

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 12:19 am

Re: Letter Deconstructions 4

Post by dylandemers » Wed Feb 14, 2024 6:09 pm

Deconstruction:

Sentence - “Hitch your wagon to rising stars. Quantity matters and so does quality.”

Synonyms -

Hitch - Pull, Jerk, Hike, Lift, Raise, Yank

Wagon - Cart, Truck, Dray, Tram

Rising - Standing, Ascending, Climbing, Growing, Soaring

Quantity - Abundance, Batch, Bulk, Capacity, Load, Pile, Portion

Matters - Important, Significant, Signify

Quality - Standard, Grade, Class, Caliber, Status, Condition, Character

New Sentence - “Raise your tram to soaring stars. Abundance signifies, and so does status.”

Past Experience - This resonates with a past experience I had with not placing myself in the right situations when I was younger. Being impulsive and young caused for wrong decisions to be made, and a lot of going through the motions or what we call “faking it.” Looking up to a “soaring star” or someone around you who is succeeding is a strategic move to forward progress in every aspect of life. Quantity is always good but being around a figure who can turn that quantity into quality is significantly better for you, and it helped my life a lot to look up to a “rising star.”

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/14/2024 19:18:38
Subject: reading and learning and setting a daily routine
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this morning? I hope you are safe and well and I wish you a happy Valentine’s day.

Where are you at, at this junction is a reasonable time to raise the question?

Wherever you are at is your concern. My concern is that you have got the process down at this point, and have begun to set your pathways for learning.

I will go over the process in this letter but first address the question of your grade and whether you are doing it right.

Below is a perfect example of what constitutes an A, after a semester of regular doing: practice of process. 

Daniel Oliveira is learning for real and doing so on a regular and ongoing basis. There is nothing fake here because all his evidence is laid bare and presented for our consumption.

What exactly is Daniel Oliveira doing, so that you might do the same? For he surely sounds like he knows what he is talking about.

His technique is known as Reflexivity. Please google Reflexive Methodology by Alvesson and Skoldberg

Daniel is developing his process of reading and deconstructing words. It is never about right or wrong, but are you ‘doing' it? Are you learning for real, or are you just faking it?

You and I can be seen and we see with non-judgemental eyes.

Process:

1. Vocabulary

2. Google Searches

3. Deconstructing sentences

4. Infusing felt experiences

The above process requires reading, reading, and reading because it entails sorting, sifting, selecting, and substituting. We’ve been following this practice since childhood but now we are getting an awareness of our differences.

The bottom line is that you are doing your learning by selecting the following: Google searches, sentences to deconstruct, and expressing felt experiences.

How much should one do? This question is answered by you when you give yourself the final grade for the course and answer the question why so?

Tip: watch the trajectory of those you like. Hitch your wagon to rising stars. Quantity matters and so does quality.

The fishbowl has fallen prey to Blue Host’s whimsies. When something is beyond your control, you adjust. That requires flexible mental structures. More on that later.

I will be in 112 Ballantine Hall at 1 pm and in 104 Quin Hall at 2 pm today Wednesday for those who want to recharge their batteries (metaphor).

Sanjiv

READING, LEARNING, INFUSE, MENTAL, STRUCTURE

from the fishbowl...

Oliveira Letter Deconstructions

DanielOliveira

Posts:38

Joined:Mon Jan 22, 2024 1:02 pm

Post by DanielOliveira » Mon Jan 29, 2024 12:14 pm

“the word we first select leads to a trajectory of thoughts, a continuum, which weaves a tapestry from our imagination.”

I believe choice of vocabulary is a lost art. People get what they need across with as few words as possible, and while that inherently is not bad, a more artistic approach to writing may be a way to keep ourselves thinking and learning in what could be the most monotonous of tasks.

Top

DanielOliveira

Posts:38

Joined:Mon Jan 22, 2024 1:02 pm

Contact: Contact DanielOliveira

Doing Google searches: Taking and Making Notes ResponseEditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by DanielOliveira » Mon Jan 29, 2024 12:25 pm

"Note-making, on the other hand, is more common while reading; it consists of deliberately crafting your version so you can learn and create better."

I have never heard the term note making but I understand the intention. People can jot down overarching ideas but that will not help you remember the content of the information, only the talking points. Note making seems like it should be a more commonly used phrase and taught at younger levels.

DanielOliveira

Posts:38

Joined:Mon Jan 22, 2024 1:02 pm

Experiential Learning in the age of AI deconstruction

Post by DanielOliveira » Mon Jan 29, 2024 12:55 pm

The referenced books Empire and Multitude have interesting concepts for their theoretical global government. These books are now out of date and reference older topics without the nuance of the ever changing world today. Honestly this was a little too complex to get a broad understanding of without fully reading the 900 pages these books have. I don’t believe I can give a synopsis that would do it justice. What I could take away from it is that no single country or empire could rule over all, it takes many international organizations working in tandem to do it justice, they also pepper in some radical ideologies for a theoretical society.

‘Experiential Learning is defined as the process of learning by doing. By engaging in hands-on experiences and reflection, we are better able to connect theories and knowledge learned to real-life situations.’ ‘Learning through reflection on doing.’

Engaging: partaking

Hands-on experiences and reflection, actually doing the work outlined for yourself and not just listening and studying.

Real life situations: part of the memory aspect of note making, we want to have our own thoughts and be able to connect them for better understanding.

Experiential learning is one of the best ways to keep a memory. People remember experiences and the feelings and thoughts that are associated with it. Associate the pain and itchiness of poison ivy with a picture of what it looks like and you'll never forget what it looks like. A strong example of an experiential learning opportunity with a memory you'll never forget.

DanielOliveira

Posts:38

Joined:Mon Jan 22, 2024 1:02 pm

Contact: Contact DanielOliveira

Aesthetic Response ResponseEditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by DanielOliveira » Wed Jan 31, 2024 3:08 pm

“We have an arsenal of felt experiences to reflect upon and to learn from those reflections.”

It’s interesting that the experiences we collect make us reflect on certain things in certain ways, we can detest certain words or sights, love certain smells or sounds, the comfort given by memories or experiences. This ties into meditating on words we meditate on experiences and words get associated with them. I read quite often and when you said To focus on a word is to meditate on it and contemplate it. I almost disagreed, if I am focusing on a word most likely it is because it is out of place or unfamiliar, but in the same vein you are correct, the “wrong” word could be purposely forcing you to meditate and contemplate it.

DanielOliveira

Posts:38

Joined:Mon Jan 22, 2024 1:02 pm

Deconstruction Letter Deconstructions

Post by DanielOliveira » Mon Feb 05, 2024 2:37 pm

1. “The key argument in deconstruction is that constructing meaning is unreliable as the language that communicates meaning is itself unreliable”

2. Fundamental - Key/basic, exchange - trading, way- method, process- procedure, structure- formation.

3. Key to our understanding of ideas is the method of one's procedures and formation of thought.

In our lives we meet many people with many ways to think and understand the same sentence, differences of opinions and of ideas shroud the true intention of the author and their meaning. At work I have written documentation on how to use machines and some words I used were not understood by the people working it, better vocabulary choice and a more clear understanding of their thought processes cleared the confusion when I rewrote the prompts.

DanielOliveira

Posts:38

Joined:Mon Jan 22, 2024 1:02 pm

Theory and Experience Letter Deconstruction

Post by DanielOliveira » Mon Feb 05, 2024 2:53 pm

I believe that many people think they are amazing at their jobs and how it operates but both people in their first day of a job and the people in their 10th year at a job may never know the true intricacies and minutiae of the purpose of their work. Someone may have to click a button and they know they click the button everyday but understanding what it does, what it causes, how the process works and the chain reaction of the purpose of it is what makes a good leader. A person may ask why do we do this process and the worst answer one can give is “just because”. I would never work for someone who cannot form the thought of why for themselves and never give a proper answer to the question “why?” or “how so?”.

DanielOliveira

Posts:38

Joined:Mon Jan 22, 2024 1:02 pm

Feedback loop and systems thinking Letter Deconstructions

Post by DanielOliveira » Wed Feb 07, 2024 2:25 pm

The Fifth Discipline by Peter Senge covers the 5 disciplines of a learning organization, Personal Mastery, Mental Models, Building shared vision, team learning, and finally Systems Thinking which takes the previous four elements and builds upon them. Making a learning culture for yourself and teaching yourself disciplines and habits to better organize your life.

A feedback loop is a process which takes the output and reinserts it back unto itself and continuously does so forever. Think of a microphone and a speaker, if a sound is played into the microphone and the speaker plays it into the microphone again, and again.

The feedback loop in the fishbowl is you sharing the information for us to read, you are reinserting the information we have provided for everyone to intake.

DanielOliveira

Posts:38

Joined:Mon Jan 22, 2024 1:02 pm

Juxtaposition and creating a fragment deconstruction

Post by DanielOliveira » Fri Feb 09, 2024 12:15 pm

I am doing great, thank you for asking. I hope you are doing well also.

It seems that cultural capital is the value of the cultural appreciation that is passed down to others. We can be rich in cultural capital by experiencing a broad variety of cultures, and wanting to experience them.

How So? For the fishbowl and our postings being seen as etchings of processes and practices is similar to a community painting, many different stylistic expressions and expertises may be shown, and while individually some may be worse than others that difference is what brings it all together. Not afraid to paint over others' work or add your art because that’s the purpose of the mural, to add your touch.

How So? In dissecting a text we are picking apart each individual word, each phrase and giving meaning and understanding to the text. We pull apart to find the writer's true meaning. Done most commonly with pieces of literature that we care about, we take in every word and analyze and bring together the symphony of text.

The final How So? Is on understanding words better and the new truths that come with the understanding. I believe this example comes for many with a piece of literature held closely to their hearts, for some it may be the bible or the quran, but for others, like me, it could be something profoundly simple in the way of the story but expertly crafted and shaped together to make something unique and interesting. The book that did this for me was “Maniac Magee” a surprisingly short book geared for teenagers that covers the harsh and serious topics like racism, homelessness, and being an orphan but skews them, by not focusing on the child's issues and instead making it an undertone for the story. It is a wonderful book that I endorse wholeheartedly.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/14/2024 19:16:12
Subject: being in the flow
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. It’s a good time to recoup. Being with the flow of nature. 

I.

Same with the fishbowl’s software glitch which continues into its third day. From what I know, BlueHost upgraded their software and now there is a backup of glitches. A few years ago I would have been freaking out, but I’ve been in the fishbowl so many semesters, and have learned that ‘flexibility' is key. Thank you for your patience. 

In whichever ‘way' you are being ‘flexible,' it is an example of your skills for sustained learning and growth. Please keep that in mind when applying for jobs. 

II.

What about one's metaphors and word-images for organizations and social groups like the fishbowl?

I select a quote by Michael Hardt (please Google) to describe the fishbowl:

“Students, workers, groups of the unemployed, and other social and cultural forces are experimenting together in new democratic forms of social organization and political action in horizontal, nonhierarchical networks.”

The above is a description of the Fishbowl as a social organization in the context of the University of Rhode Island. 

The fishbowl is a kind of laboratory for testing the effects of new ideas, strategies, and organizations.

We are emerging as part of a collective practice. 

Presently we are theorizing about our process.

I am attaching below the genesis of the idea of the fishbowl. It was published in the Journal of Management Education. Please select a sentence for deconstruction.

Sanjiv

RECOUP, FLOW, NATURE, FLEXIBLE

<prototype fishbowl.doc>

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/14/2024 19:14:51
Subject: draft letter of recommendation
------------------------------------------------------------
To,

The Admissions Committee, 

I am happy to write this letter of recommendation for XXXX. She completed MGT345: Business and Society in Fall 2023. Ms. XXXX is a diligent student and completed the course through academic excellence and hard work, earning the grade of A.

XXXX has developed a mature understanding of the fundamentals of digital participation, online collaboration, and network awareness. Her work depicts the mindful use of digital media. ‘"Thinking about what you are doing and why you are doing it instead of going through the motions" is fundamental to XXXX's working practice. 

XXXX has acquired familiarity with the following methodologies: Social reflexivity, participant observation, and symbolic interactionism. She co-authored a research paper proposal that was accepted at the International Conference: INTED2024, after a blind review by International faculty. Please see the Abstract below.

I believe Ms.XXXX has the intellect, personality, and ambition that will allow her to be successful in whatever pursuit she chooses to undertake. She is particularly suited for graduate studies. I recommend her with great enthusiasm. If you have any questions regarding this letter, please feel free to email me.

Thank you.

Sd/ Sanjiv Dugal 

Abstract & Final Paper Management System

GENERATING KNOWLEDGE CONTENT AND KNOWING IN THE AGE OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE

S. Dugal1, S. Singh2, M. Troiano3, R. Singh4, E. Sillat1, M. Hanna1, M. Vancouyghen1, N. Gamache1, G. Daddio1, C. Calise1, M. Goeller1, M. Sundwall1, J. Castro1, L. Joseph1, A. Ryder1, J. Morley1, S. Boyer1, J. Keeler1, E. Papa1, A. Merlo1, J. Campbell1, S. Schindlar1, H. Brown1, A. Bacik1, N. Januario1, B. Swajger1, O. Surette1, P. Gudas1, T. Tobin1, A. Doran1, J. Romero1, T. Renzi1, M. Lessard1, A. Gomez1, E. Piel1, S. Cardoso1, N. Carlino1, M. Harmon1, G. Isaacson1, V. Jones1, M. Torres1, M. Lasky1, N. Debarros1, S. Rodriguez1, P. Smith1

1 University of Rhode Island (UNITED STATES)

2 Savvy (UNITED STATES)

3 Verizon (UNITED STATES)

4 RLDA Studio (INDIA)

sanjivdugal@uri.edu, shivsingh@gmail.com, miketroiano1@gmail.com, rahoulsingh@gmail.com, ethan_sillat@uri.edu, michelle_hanna@uri.edu, mvancouyghen@uri.edu, ngamache@uri.edu, gracedaddio@uri.edu, cecilia_calise@uri.edu, makenna_goeller@uri.edu, macey_sundwall@uri.edu, joshua_castro@uri.edu, lauren_joseph@uri.edu, abbyryder@uri.edu, jdmorley@uri.edu, sydneyboyer@uri.edu, jayce_keeler@uri.edu, emma_papa@uri.edu, anthony_merlo@uri.edu, jennacampbell@uri.edu, sschindlar@uri.edu, hazelbrown25@uri.edu, abacik@uri.edu, januarion@uri.edu, bswajger@uri.edu, owen_surette@uri.edu, payton_gudas@uri.edu, thomas_tobin@uri.edu, amy_doran@uri.edu, jason_romero@uri.edu, talianna_renzi@uri.edu, mlessard@uri.edu, adagomez@uri.edu, emmapiel@uri.edu, shanecardoso@uri.edu, ncarlino@uri.edu, madeline_harmon@uri.edu, gina_isaacson@uri.edu, vanessa_jones03@uri.edu, marcella_torres@uri.edu, margaret_lasky@uri.edu, nathan_debarros@uri.edu, sherlyn_maria@uri.edu, parker_smith@uri.edu

Discipline: Education

Type of presentation: VIRTUAL

Introduction: awareness of process:

We are 180 undergraduate students at the University of Rhode Island who are generating knowledge content in a Fishbowl; a digital platform where participants post self-reflections to common texts every week. Our visible reflections create an awareness of the other’s cognitive process. Situated in accounts of one’s “epistemic cognition,” we focus on our aims and processes of knowing. Cognition is ‘the mental action or process of acquiring knowledge and understanding through thought, experience, and the senses.’ Epistemic cognition is ‘awareness of the process of acquiring knowledge.’

“Artificial Intelligence" is a constellation of different technologies working together to enable machines to sense, comprehend, act, and learn with human-like intelligence. The goal of AI is to process large amounts of data and recognize patterns, make decisions, and judge like humans.

Since we experience the Fishbowl and ourselves as continuously changing, we believe the dynamic nature of our ‘being' must be the primary focus for any comprehensive account of acquiring knowledge. We are concerned with dynamic entities, like mental occurrences and the realization of individual values in action. In other words, the actual occasion of experience is central when creating knowledge content and knowing. In our paper, we present and identify processes and shifting relationships as the only real experience in the Fishbowl.

Purpose: to bring forth:

1. To share our process of acquiring knowledge and understanding.

2. To evoke thought-images when reading a text.

Method: a flow of processing information:

1. Metacognitive knowledge is the knowledge individuals develop of their own cognitive processes and their ability to monitor and reflect on them; how you think about your own thinking.

2. Metacognitive control characterizes one’s ability to identify learning needs and adapt behavior based on outcomes.

3. When posting in the Fishbowl, we experiment with “free association” and “reader response theory.” The individual’s response is a series of posts which are carried out to observe emerging outcomes. The participant takes inputs, adds value, and provides output for the viewer. The Fishbowl, as a whole, is a set of postings that interact with each other. Often, output of one is input for the other.

4. Postings are conceptual engagements with subjective feelings in fragments of textual snapshots.

Outcome: life of practice:

We restore significance to the practice of self-reflection. We are contemplative without relinquishing characteristics of action. Our process of acquiring knowledge is a “life of practice” where one develops as a “practicing person” and gets the self “into shape” as the “person-that-can.” It is the evolution of subjectivity, ways of feeling, thinking and communicating and, transcending situations. Within a context, the capability of a "practicing person" is viewed as their constitution, virtue, virtuosity, competence, excellence, or fitness for the job.

In the Fishbowl, we showcase our “life of practice”. In the full paper, we present a ‘triptych of works,' and invite viewers to expand upon them, and share their own practices and processes of reading and writing. Our paper is evidence that epistemic cognition and processing of information is more domain and task-specific rather than reproducing generalizations.

Keywords: Cognition, Epistemic Cognition, Knowledge-content, Processing Information, Experiential Learning, Reflexivity, Thought-image, Artificial Intelligence.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/14/2024 19:11:29
Subject: real and virtual
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. Thank you for your patience this weekend with the fishbowl. It is a software upgrade, I was told, and this morning the glitch will be fixed.

The fishbowl exists at two levels. The world of postings is concrete, real, and ordered on the surface.

The second world is virtual and perceptual. Eyes looking at Eyes! Underpinning this world are complex structures and forces beyond the reach of traditional explanations.

In the fishbowl, we are searching for the hidden structure of things. The work of Picasso stands as the most obvious example. Please google. Pierre Bourdieu calls it “habitus”. Please google.

On matters of logistics: We have moved to a once-a-week meeting for the benefit of participants. The reason for the weekly meetings is to address your questions regarding the fishbowl, as well as confirmation and assurances regarding expectations.

The scheduled times are to raise questions in the objective world, 'concrete, real, and ordered.'

On Mondays, 

10 am, Bliss Hall room 110, and 

11 am Quinn room 103.

and 

On Wednesdays, 

1 pm Ballantine room 112, and 

2 pm Quinn room 104.

You are free to float and flit between these times. I will be there today Monday at all four times, in case someone didn’t get the letter.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/14/2024 19:10:16
Subject: deploying attention
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

 

How are you? I hope you are well. Sorry about the fishbowl being down. Presently, there is another glitch, and will be fixed soon.

 

I’d like to emphasize the process and practice of deconstruction and deploying our attention.

 

The process of deconstruction in the fishbowl has four integrated steps:

 

1. Select a sentence structure

2. Make a word pool from the thesaurus

3. Create a new sentence structure

4. Match a felt experience from an observation/an interpretation from your past.

 

These can be stated as:

 

1. The Form of Things. An opening structure.

2. Boundary of words for exchange and possibility.

3. Re-structure. Re-formulate. A new composition.

4. Explain with specific examples from the past.

 

In the fishbowl, we are learning how to deploy our attention. How to attend to things; take care of them. Only when we understand participation, collaboration, credibility, and awareness of each other will we be able to control our destiny, according to Howard Rheingold in Net Smart. Please google.

 

We are learning how to exert mental control over our use of always-on communication channels. We are learning to live mindfully in cyberculture.

 

Sanjiv

PARTICIPATE, COLLABORATE, CREDIBILITY, AWARENESS, UNDERSTAND, DEPLOY, ATTENTION, MENTAL, CONTROL

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/9/2024 12:57:55
Subject: mindfulness: process and practice
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

To enter the fishbowl is to enter a state of mind. This doesn’t happen automatically.

You have to get into a mindful state of mind. 

Mindful? Yes. 

It is about 'thinking about what you are doing and why you are doing it' instead of going through the motions is fundamental to the definition of mindfulness.

It applies to everything that you are doing. 

Mindfulness is practical know-how. 

This know-how, 

from 

the art of growing social/cultural capital in virtual communities like your fishbowl 

to 

the craft of cultivating wiki collaborations 

might 

determine whether life online will 

drive you to distraction, or 

augment and broaden your minds.

We want to.’ augment and broaden’ our minds because we are 'knowledge workers' who want to become a 'learning organization’ (please google Peter Senge, The Fifth Discipline) in a 'knowledge economy'. We are 'knowledge workers' in a 'knowledge economy’ (Please Google both those terms) and as participants in a fishbowl, the goal of our postings is to create a learning organization among ourselves that 'augments and broadens' our minds. 

We are following mindful practices. Please see Tiago Huynh's process (deconstructing the notion of Aesthetic Response) as representative of what we are all doing in the fishbowl, to a greater or lesser degree.

Sanjiv

MINDFUL, PRACTICAL, KNOW-HOW, AUGMENT, BROADEN, KNOWLEDGE, PRACTICE, PROCESS

from the fishbowl...

tiagohuynh

Posts: 20

Joined: Sun Jan 21, 2024 7:27 pm

Re: Deconstructing Letters

Post by tiagohuynh » Wed Feb 07, 2024 9:27 pm

AESTHETIC RESPONSE:

1. "We identify our experiences that happened in the past by examining our feelings about them in the present."

2. Word Pool:

Identify: Distinguish, pinpoint, find, locate, recognize, determine, diagnose, investigate, examine, discover, disclose

Experiences: Adventures, times, ordeals, happenings, exploits, actions, escapades, gests, doings, deeds

Happened: Occurred, came, was, did, transpired, befell, passed, happed, came about

Past: History, yesterday, annals, record, flashback, chronicle, long ago, yore

Examining: Reviewing, surveying, scanning, inspecting, analyzing, viewing, scrutinizing, investigating, dissecting, going over, exploring

Feelings: Passions, spirit, sensibilities, sentiment, desire, fondness, warmth

Present: Current, ongoing, recent, immediate, existing, modern, newfangled, contemporary

3. Reconstruct Sentence:

Attempt 1:

We distinguish our exploits that occurred in the annals by investigating our passions about them in the current time.

Attempt 2:

We distinguish our ordeals that occurred in yore by investigating our existing sensibilities about them.

Attempt 3: (Final)

We distinguish our exploits that occurred in history by exploring our current sentiments about them.

Felt Experience:

I believe that our feelings and our perception of past events in our lives can change and warp as we mature and get older. When I was younger, fighting with my brothers was a daily and vicious occurrence. Our arguments would begin at the drop of a hat over the most mundane and insignificant of things. My parents would often describe us as oil and water mixed with gasoline. At the moment, I held so much animosity toward my brothers and every single thing they did vex me beyond belief. It all reached a head when my older brother enlisted in the Marine Corps. Suddenly without him there, all of our fights and issues with one another seemed insignificant and small in the grand scheme. At the time, our arguments would outrage me beyond belief, at the present, I look back with regret over the constant turmoil.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/8/2024 13:49:07
Subject: juxtaposition and creating a fragment
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Please see Brock Bethea’s deconstruction of the subject topic: ’theory and experience.’

What do I see when I look at this ‘posting,’ and your postings in general in the fishbowl ...

an etching

a hieroglyph

a juxtaposition (of theory and experience)

the beginning

of a conversation

constructing structures

creating realities

a fragment on a vast billboard

across the mid-night sky

a message

intriguing and mysterious

a process and a practice

self-motivated

self-organizing

self-development

self-referential

growth

ephemeral

ethereal

a penumbra, 

a halo

a past, present, and a future

in the next round

answer How so? by giving an example.

Answer How so? with an Example for the word “dissecting” used in the posting below.

How so? With an Example of "understanding words more" and "new truths” as referred to below.

Three examples.

Examples are from everyday life, obvious and boring, self-evident.

Don’t let the opportunity they provide for self-reflection and self-expression slip by.

The restructured sentence below is intriguing and worthy of greater investigation.

It is an A- for this thought fragment and focused effort but it misses giving examples and answering How So? 

Close the loop and make it part of your fishbowl's cultural capital. 

Please Google Pierre Bourdieu’s form of cultural capital.

'To abandon the domain of phenomenal forms is, quite simply, to lose one’s sight.’ 

Mr. Brock Bethea was steadfast till the end. He is a social agent in the domain of conversation and dialog. Well done! 

Sanjiv

JUXTAPOSITION, CREATE, FRAGMENT, CAPITAL

from the fishbowl...

BrockBethea23

Posts: 21

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 1:05 pm

theory and experience

post by BrockBethea23 » Wed Feb 07, 2024 4:05 pm

Sentence from Letter

You are looking at learning, discovery, and understanding as a pleasurable skill rather than a source of stress.

Four words that caught my attention.

(Source) creator, cause, Beginning

(Learning) study, training, instruction

(Discovery) realization, breakthrough, find, Advance

(Skill) Ability, mastery, talent

New Sentence

We are beginning to use intellect to advance our ability.

I am indeed starting to use my intellect more and more and it is increasing my abilities. When I have conversations with people I am dissecting what they are saying. It is like taking a wrapper off a candy bar if that makes sense. It is making me understand words more and it is uncovering a new truth for me by going past the surface level and diving deeper.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/5/2024 11:23:21
Subject: theory and experience
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this Monday morning? I hope you are well.

Please see Peter Hoan’s postings below. They are excellent examples of understanding theory. Nicely done. 

Raising it a notch higher: to give evidence of one’s learning through the experience of Doing, one has to describe an instance, incident, or event, in the First person, and answer the question How so?

In other words, give an example from your experience.

Describing an example is the hard part because it takes focused reflection and interpretation with a dollop of imagination. You are looking for circumstances from your life that will test your understanding. Best not to rush it. See it as solving an intellectual game where you can’t hide behind your words. Make this a life-long practice. It is the stuff of leadership.

You are gradually training yourself in the fundamental anthropological skills of “attending to, by observing, registering, and correlating”. You are looking at learning, discovery, and understanding as a pleasurable skill rather than a source of stress. The mantra, the talisman is “How So?"

Sanjiv

THEORY, EXPERIENCE, DESCRIBE, EXAMPLE, INSTANCE, INCIDENT, EVENT, OBSERVE, REGISTER, CORRELATE

from the fishbowl...

PeterHoan

Posts: 20

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 11:01 am

Deconstructing Letters

Post by PeterHoan » Wed Jan 24, 2024 11:17 am

PeterHoan

Posts: 20

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 11:01 

Weaving Tapestries

Post by PeterHoan » Tue Jan 30, 2024 1:38 pm

"the selected word has a past, present, and future it exists in mythology, stories, events, and praxis (Marx)." This stuck with me in a way that it emphasizes the depth and complexity of language, suggesting that a chosen word has a rich history, a current presence, and the potential to shape the future. It encourages an exploration of the word's multifaceted existence in mythology, stories, events, and practical applications, drawing on a perspective that may be influenced by Marxist ideas of praxis.

PeterHoan

Posts: 20

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 11:01 am

Experiential Learning

Post by PeterHoan » Tue Jan 30, 2024 1:43 pm

"Experiential Learning is defined as the process of learning by doing. By engaging in hands-on experiences and reflection" Experiential learning is very important especially in real life situations. By being able to learn by doing gives us experience on what to aspect and allows us to learn from our mistakes early on rather than trying to learn our mistakes down the road. It also emphasizes the importance of reflection as an integral part of this learning approach.

I tend to find myself getting a better understand on things when I am actually doing it myself. I prefer doing hands-on experiences and reflections rather than sitting in a room and taking notes from a powerpoint presentation. Overall, I find myself doing better in class when it comes to experiential learning.

Last edited by PeterHoan on Wed Jan 31, 2024 11:30 am, edited 1 time in total.

PeterHoan

Posts: 20

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 11:01 am

Aesthetic Response

Post by PeterHoan » Wed Jan 31, 2024 11:28 am

"By focusing on a word we generate images (visual regions), feelings (emotions), thoughts (ideas), text (language regions), and meaning."

This phrase describes the emotional responses can arise when an individual concentrates on a specific word, encompassing visual, emotional, cognitive, and linguistic aspects, ultimately leading to the creation of meaning. I find myself doing this a lot as I tend to actively listen to what someone is saying to me. When there is a word that sticks out to me, I find myself taking the time to understand what was said to me and then it either creates some kind of emotions or ideas.

PeterHoan

Posts: 20

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 11:01 am

Point of Inflection

Post by PeterHoan » Sun Feb 04, 2024 3:51 pm

"It has to be pulled out from the roots, and that involves our beginning to think in a new way." What I took away from this phrase was that it addresses a certain issue. It requires a fundamental and complete removal, and this process involves starting to think differently or adopting a new perspective. It emphasizes the importance of a transformative change in thought for effective resolution.

That sentence resonated with me in a sense where to start thinking differently from everyone else, we have to start facing problems at the core of it instead of the surface. By doing this, it will allow us to fully understand our problems and allows us to start think in new ways. This sentence also resonated with me and how it can help improve personal growth. It suggests that personal growth involves uprooting old ways of thinking and adopting a mindset conducive to positive change.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/4/2024 17:08:48
Subject: deconstruction
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Section I.

Deconstruction is a critical theory and philosophical approach proposed by the French philosopher Jacques Derrida. Please google his name. 

The key argument in deconstruction is that constructing meaning is unreliable as the language that communicates meaning is itself unreliable. Please refer to your postings in the fishbowl.

Derrida posited that it’s impossible to determine fixed, underlying meanings in a text.

The focus on language (words) 

as a means of revealing 

how 

we construct and make a social reality, 

which was witnessed and experienced in the first assignment in the fishbowl.

The focus on language (words) proves to be useful in the age of social media.

By focusing on language in the fishbowl, we can illustrate the complex yet fragile and tentative webs of meaning on which so much of our social practice is based. How So?

Language in the form of written and social text is never self-evident. Meanings (like your names) are always mediated by external contexts and points of reference. Black only acquires significance to the concept and meaning of white. To grasp and understand even the simplest meanings, it seems that we have to draw on all kinds of implicit knowledge and engage in complex acts of social construction and interpretation that are tentative, and always in danger of breaking down. The worlds in which we live, it seems, are truly extensions of ourselves and the forms of life through which we experience and engage them.

Section II.

Step 1. Select a sentence structure:

“Fundamental to our exchange is the way one’s process and practice are structured, I.e., the way they are put together.”

Step 2. From the Thesaurus, copy synonyms for the following words taken from the original sentence structure in Step 1:

fundamental

exchange

way

process

practice

structure

Step 3. From the word pool of about 20-25 words in Step 2, reconstruct the original sentence structure

Step 4. A short paragraph that describes a felt experience from your past and fits the structure in Step 3.

Section III.

Please visit your postings in the fishbowl and realize the knowledge content in section I.

Sanjiv

UNRELIABLE, MEANING, CONSTRUCT, RECONSTRUCT, DECONSTRUCT, REVEAL, IMPLICIT, COMPLEX, TENTATIVE

from the fishbowl...

zanefrattarelli

Posts: 14

Joined: Sun Jan 21, 2024 4:07 pm

Re: Google Searches: Aesthetic Response

post by zanefrattarelli » Sun Feb 04, 2024 11:58 am

There has been a struggle to come up with one generally accepted definition for aesthetic response. However, there is some consensus that "the concept involves the registering of affect or pleasure due to the conscious or unconscious influences of aspects of an object." An aesthetic response refers to the reaction that a person has to an object based on their individual perception of the object.

Something that resonates with me is "individual perceptions"

Going through life, we are able to meet so many different people who all have their own sets of values and beliefs. These values and beliefs can lead people to perceive things in different ways. Not just in an "aesthetic" matter but for life in general. It is important to not make judgments about someone based on the way they perceive things because each individual is wired in a different way.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/3/2024 18:29:19
Subject: point of inflection: structure, process, practice
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you today? I hope you are well.

Your fishbowl has the potential of being exceptional because of the way the fishbowl is devised: 

Fundamental to our exchange in the fishbowl is the way one’s process and practice are structured, i.e., the way one’s process and practice are put together.

This email is an inflection point and we are going to look at the structure, process, and practice we are developing. 

In the fishbowl, 

we are paying attention to understanding 

how 

language (words, text), images (pictures), and ideas (thoughts, suggestions) 

shape our social reality and 

our engagement with the world at large. Please revisit the first assignment.

One’s ‘way’ of doing things.

“Getting hold of the difficulty deep down is what is hard. Because it is grasped near the surface it simply remains the difficulty it was. It has to be pulled out from the roots, and that involves our beginning to think in a new way. The change is as decisive as, for example, that from the alchemical to the chemical way of thinking. The new way of thinking is what is so hard to establish. Once the new way of thinking has been established, the old problems vanish; indeed, they become hard to recapture. For they go with our way of expressing ourselves and, if we clothe ourselves in a new form of expression, the old problems are discarded along the old garment.”

Ludwig Wittgenstein, Yermischte Bemerkungen

Sanjiv

WAY, STRUCTURE, DEVISE, PROCESS, PRACTICE, DOING, UNDERSTAND, SOCIAL, REALITY

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/31/2024 12:18:36
Subject: aesthetic response
------------------------------------------------------------
Subject: Aesthetic Response

Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

I am reflecting on what we have done so far…that is, the ‘doing’ of the first assignment (about your name), vocabulary, and Google searches.

From our fragments (postings in the fishbowl) will emerge the outline of a field, a domain, a perspective. We will envision the landscape (metaphor) of our minds.

We learn by reflecting and thinking about our experiences.

We identify our experiences that happened in the past by examining our feelings about them in the present.

We have an arsenal of felt experiences to reflect upon and to learn from those reflections.

By focusing on a word we generate images (visual regions), feelings (emotions), thoughts (ideas), text (language regions), and meaning.

To focus on a word is to meditate on it and contemplate it. 

To be in a conversation (dialog) with the word and investigate (dialectic) the meaning of the word. 

The fishbowl is a dialectic relationship between text, you as the reader, and your interaction with the text. Your posting in the fishbowl is called an Aesthetic Response (please google), because although your posting is brought about by the text (my letter), it brings into play your imaginative and perceptive faculties which make you, adjust and even differentiate your focus, Please see Matthew Cintron’s posting below.

Dialog (conversation with the word), and 

Dialectic (investigate the truth as to its meaning).

We are creative and proactive individuals who critically “make” notes that determine our experiences and outcomes.

We are individuals who exercise their Agency. That is, we act to produce a certain effect or result.

 

I want to congratulate you all. 

Your grades are in the range of A- and A. Well done! 

It was never a matter of right/wrong but whether you did it, or not. We learn by doing!

Sanjiv

1. EMERGE, LANDSCAPE

2. MAKE, EXPERIENCE, OUTCOME, AGENCY

3. AESTHETIC, RESPONSE

4. FOCUS, MEDITATE, CONTEMPLATE, MEANING

5. CONVERSATION, INVESTIGATION, DIALOG, DIALECTIC

from the fishbowl…

MatthewCintron

Posts: 4

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 2:10 pm

Introduction- Matthew Cintron

	 by MatthewCintron » Wed Jan 24, 2024 1:40 pm

Hello, my name is Matthew Cintron and I am a marketing major from Texas. My name stems from Hebrew origins, meaning "Gift of God" or "Gift of Yahweh".

My parents both agreed to name me Matthew because my father is Puerto Rican and my mother wanted me to have a name that could be said in both Spanish and English.

I don't believe I have lived up to my name mostly because I am not religious although my parents are. While I do understand that the meaning can be extended beyond religious context, ideas and concepts based in religion never really connected with me.

MatthewCintron

Posts: 4

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 2:10 pm

Re: Introduction- Matthew Cintron

	 by MatthewCintron » Tue Jan 30, 2024 9:50 pm

The word I choose is serenity. Serenity: the state of being calm, peaceful, and untroubled. While I may not literally be physically able to be a "gift from God" (at least not knowingly), I am okay with not feeling a sense of fulfillment associated with my name. To me, a name is simply a label. We all have one to decipher from one another and while many of our names have powerful meanings assigned by our parents, I do not personally see it that way. Because of that, whether or not I live up to the meaning of the name does not matter to me and leaves me a feeling of calmness. My parents also did not stress any particular meaning associated with my name so growing up, there really was not symbolic idea to live up to.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/24/2024 10:49:46
Subject: weaving tapestries
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

In your first introductory posting in the fishbowl, we 'see' the following ‘things'... 

a selected word

its meaning defined, an image described, and an interpretation shared

the selected word has a past, present, and future

it exists in mythology, stories, events, and praxis (Marx). Please google the term.

the word we first select leads to a trajectory of thoughts,

a continuum, 

which weaves a tapestry from our imagination

collectively, your words posted in the fishbowl, evoke a feeling.

Please pause and reflect on your feelings, and 

select one word that describes your feelings.

Please Post Reply under the topic: INTRODUCTION (2) in your space.

The word I select is ‘Affection.’ As humans, we are nurtured in affection.

I learn this from your text and images in the fishbowl. I realize it.

Thank you and welcome to the fishbowl.

Sanjiv

SEE, THING, EVOKE, FEELING, SELECT, WORD, EXISTENCE, MYTH, PRAXIS (MARX), TRAJECTORY, THOUGHT, CONTINUUM, WEAVE, TAPESTRY, IMAGINARY, LEARN, REALIZE

from the fishbowl...

Curtis Browne

Posts: 1

Joined: Mon Jan 22, 2024 9:57 am

introduction

post by Curtis Browne » Tue Jan 23, 2024 8:29 pm

My name is Curtis, which is a commonly used English name that means Polite, Courteous, or well-bred.

My mom named me curtis, which was her grandfather's middle name. He played a big role in my mother's life so she wanted to name me after him.

I believe i do live up to my name. I am a very thoughtful and nice person, and will often go out of my way to help others.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/23/2024 12:59:55
Subject: Introduction Assignment
------------------------------------------------------------
Topic: About Reading in the Fishbowl.

Hi Everyone,

I hope this letter finds you well and the dust settles (metaphor), sooner than later. It was wonderful to see you yesterday. Looking at you looking at me looking at you. We are eyes looking at eyes.

Today I am writing to highlight the incredible opportunity we have to foster a culture of reading within the Fishbowl community. Reading is a powerful tool that not only expands our knowledge but also enhances critical thinking and enriches our understanding of the world around us.

As we navigate the vast and ever-evolving landscape of the fishbowl, the importance of staying informed and continuously learning through reading, cannot be overstated. 

We have a wealth of resources at our fingertips, ranging from insightful articles to thought-provoking postings initiated by ourselves within the fishbowl. Here are a few reasons why embracing reading in the Fishbowl can significantly benefit our academic and professional journey:

1. Diverse Perspectives: Reading exposes us to a multitude of perspectives and ideas. Engaging with different viewpoints within the Fishbowl community broadens understanding and contributes to a more well-rounded education.

2. Current Trends and Insights: The Fishbowl is dynamic, with trends and insights constantly evolving. Regularly reading content will keep you updated on the latest, emerging, innovative practices in the fishbowl.

3, Networking Opportunities: Engaging in exchanges around shared readings can lead to valuable connections and insights.

4. Personal and Professional Growth: Reading is a powerful catalyst for personal and professional growth. Whether you're exploring new subjects, deepening your understanding of familiar topics, or seeking inspiration, the Fishbowl library offers a diverse array of materials to support your growth journey.

5. Encourage a culture of reading within the Fishbowl community by creating a collaborative environment for knowledge-sharing.

6. Elevate your academic experience and enhance your readiness for the challenges and opportunities that lie ahead, by actively engaging with the written content available.

If you have any questions or need assistance in navigating the Fishbowl, don't hesitate to ask. Let's make the Fishbowl a vibrant hub of intellectual curiosity and a source of inspiration to each of us. 

Happy reading, and here's to a semester filled with knowledge and knowing! Please see the Introduction Assignment below.

sincerely,

Sanjiv

Topic: Introduction Assignment

1. MEaning of your name

2. Why your parents gave you that name

3. Do you live up to your name

Your introduction brings Text (name) and Image together, to start a story, a trajectory, unfolding and emerging.

Thank you

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/21/2024 20:23:03
Subject: Syllabus MGT448: International Dimensions of Business
------------------------------------------------------------
UNIVERSITY OF RHODE ISLAND

COLLEGE OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION

SPRING 2024

Sanjiv S. Dugal, Ph.D.

314 Ballantine

Human Resource Management

Address: sanjivdugal@uri.edu

Office Hours: MW: 12-1 pm

MGT 448

INTERNATIONAL AND CULTURAL DIMENSIONS OF BUSINESS

PREFACE

“As we globalize, we increasingly have to interact, manage, negotiate and compromise with people from different cultures. Working with people whose values and beliefs, not to mention languages and customs are different from your own can make for costly misunderstandings. Experience tells us, often painfully, that one’s behavior, actions and decisions are not separate from one’s values and beliefs. All social behavior is embedded in a particular context and is connected to other deeply held values and beliefs. This means that the stakes are high for mismanaging cultural differences.” (Lisa Hoecklin, 'Managing Cultural Differences: Strategies for Competitive Advantage,' The Economist Intelligence Unit Series, Addison-Wesley, 1995)

I. INTRODUCTION 

How do you navigate and negotiate a situation that is foreign and strange? A situation where the Other's language, customs, and culture are unknown, and you have no predetermined script nor map on the ground. Under these circumstances, what skills are necessary to successfully collaborate on projects together?

II. PROBING DIFFERENCES

"In a global marketplace, many leading international business scholars are arguing that sustainable competitive advantages are increasingly changing from ‘harder ’ efficiency sources to ‘softer ’ effectiveness sources, such as managing differences in values and beliefs. Our differences provide a reflective lens to see where we're positioned with regards to each other." (Hoecklin).

In the course, we are comparing broad value differences across America-Japan, America-China, and America-India. Values, according to Geert Hofstede’s definition, are ‘a broad tendency to prefer certain state of affairs over others.’ The course identifies four dimensions of value differences across cultures, viz., Power Distance, Uncertainty Avoidance, Individualism/Collectivism and Masculinity/Femininity. 

Managing differences among ourselves gives the course not only an identity but also its competitive advantage. The course fulfills the logical sequence of 

Awareness (of differences among ourselves), 

Knowledge (of those differences), and 

Communication (of those differences). 

These three traits, viz., awareness, knowledge and communication underlie the development of cross-cultural skills (Geert Hofstede). Empirical evidence suggests that creating sustainable advantages when interacting with people from different cultures, at home and abroad, will require the following skills:

a. an ability to express

b. flexibility in thought and action

c. sharing and disclosing one’s position in a situation

d. abstracting from the particulars of an interaction

We are developing these capabilities on a digital platform, we call The Fishbowl.

III. METHODOLOGIES: PARTICIPANT OBSERVATION, INTERPRETIVISM, SYMBOLIC INTERACTIONISM

The course utilizes research methods such as Participant Observation, Interpretivism, Social Reflexivity, and Symbolic Interactionism for addressing Cultural questions such as:

How do you experience the Other’s culture?

That is, how do you experience the Other’s deeply held values and beliefs?

What do you see?

How do you feel?

What did you do?

IV. TEXT

1. Letters in the Fishbowl: The Fishbowl is a social network of writing/viewing/experiencing. The Fishbowl is something knowable only in specific fishbowl practices and contingencies during the course of the semester.You will receive around 100 letters written specifically to you for safe-keeping and re-reading, because the text in the letters represents a potential effect that is realized in the reading process. 

Reading is therefore your focal point, for it sets in motion a whole chain of activities that depend both on the text and on the exercise of your basic human faculties.

2. ‘Exploring Culture, Exercises, Stories and Synthetic Cultures,’ by Gert van Hofstede, Paul B. Pedersen, Geert Hofstede. Intercultural Press, Boston, London, 2002.

Real-life exercises and stories, all with debriefings, make much of this book ideally suited for self-study. Specific activities and exercises are steps towards awareness and knowledge of differences. We will practice intercultural communication skills, and playfully experience what it feels and means to be a ‘foreigner.’

3. Films: Kinky Boots, Japanese Story, Moonrise Kingdom, Outsourced, Iron & Silk.

We deconstruct films to discern underlying cultural assumptions and structures that are playing out.

V. GRADE DISTRIBUTION

1. Regularity and Quality of Participation in the Fishbowl: 50%

There will be ongoing assignments that will help you create a knowing and knowledge content around four dimensions of culture-related values, viz., identity (individualism/collectivism); gender (masculinity/femininity); power distance; and, uncertainty avoidance. These interactive assignments are 50% of your grade.

2. Attending to Meaning in Social Space: 30%

We 'attend to meaning' by sharing, responding and listening to each other. Working in the Fishbowl is an interactive practice of shared words, symbols, images and felt-experiences. Your process will be assessed by the importance you place on 'attending to meaning.' 

“When operating in a global economy, if you want your philosophies, objectives, products and services to be not only understood but also believed by employees, customers and partners in different cultures, you must attend to what these things mean to the people in each culture.” (Hoecklin, p.3)

3. Final: A Self-Reflexive Process 20%

In the final analysis, you’re exploring differences in meanings that existed when working together on a particular idea. Your final paper (3 pages, double–spaced and constructed individually) presents your fishbowl experience as a coherent idea. You're obliged to become self-reflexive, suspend preconceptions, and reflect upon the culture of a ‘fishbowl ‘at the University of Rhode Island.

VI. SELF-ASSESSMENT IN THE FISHBOWL

Learning is about actively combining enriching experiences with academic rigor and creative opportunities. Interaction during the semester requires courage to push back the boundaries of past experiences and explore the possibilities available to you. In MGT448, you experience the excitement of discovering what you are capable of achieving, far more than you ever felt or thought possible. The following elements are essential for this experience:

* Knowledge

* Concept

* Skill

* Attitude

* Action

The student is able to make accurate self-assessments at any point during the semester based upon the following criteria:

BEGINNING (B) 

You have basic knowledge and skills. 

DEVELOPING (D)

You are making conceptual connections. 

ACHIEVING (A)

You have acquired knowledge and skills and making conceptual connections, and thereby developing new learning.

EXCELLING (E)

You are applying knowledge and skills beyond grade-level expectations and demonstrate self-initiated action in unfamiliar situations. You are self-motivated and an independent learner.

Faster and better learning through realization is a large part of the assessment logic.

VII. CONCLUSION: FISHBOWL LEARNER PROFILE

The aim of the Fishbowl is to develop global-minded participants who recognize their common purpose and shared responsibility when creating a culture of learning. 

As fellow participants in a fishbowl, we strive To Be the following:

1. Inquirers 

We nurture our curiosity, developing skills for inquiry and research.

2. Knowledgeable 

We develop and use conceptual understanding, exploring knowledge across a range of disciplines. We engage with issues and ideas that have local and global significance.

3. Thinkers 

We use critical and creative thinking skills to analyze and take responsible action on complex issues. We exercise initiative in making reasoned, ethical decisions.

4. Communicators 

We express ourselves with confidence and creatively in many ways. We collaborate actively, listening carefully to the perspectives of other individuals and groups.

5. Principled 

We act with integrity and honesty with a strong sense of fairness and justice, and with respect for the dignity and rights of others. We take responsibility for our actions and their consequences.

6. Open-minded 

We critically appreciate our own culture and personal history, as well as the values and traditions of others. We seek and evaluate a range of points of view, and we are willing to grow from the experience.

7. Caring 

We show empathy, compassion and respect. We have a commitment to service, and we act to make a positive difference in the lives of others and in the world around us.

8. Risk-takers 

We approach uncertainty with forethought and determination; we work independently and cooperatively to explore new ideas and innovative strategies. We are resourceful and resilient in the face of challenges and change.

9. Balanced 

We understand the importance of balancing different aspects of our lives, intellectual, physical, and emotional, to achieve well-being for ourselves and others. We recognize our interdependence with other people.

10. Reflective 

We thoughtfully consider the world and our own ideas and experience. We work to understand our strengths and weaknesses in order to support our learning and personal development.

WELCOME TO MGT 448

ADDENDUM 1: CONCEPTS UNDERLYING INTERNATIONAL DIMENSIONS

FISHBOWL TECHNOLOGY

Knowledge outcomes 

provider and user value 

knowledge-work 

ways of doing knowledge

range of experience 

range of caring 

learning process 

learning outcome 

level of engagement 

generating subjectivities 

interactive systems 

felt experiences 

relational practice 

dialogical exchange

aesthetic response

sharing process 

creating interactively

creative dialectic 

working towards commonality 

focused presence 

conversation and dialog 

constant assessment 

discerning emerging story-line 

responsibility and result 

commitment to aesthetic response 

transparency and authenticity 

engagement and impact 

attitude and motivation 

vocabulary and thought-images 

resonance and calibration 

meaning and significance

ADDENDUM 2: FIVE OBJECTIVES STATED BY UNIVERSITY OF RHODE ISLAND:

1. Acquiring skills in working with others as a member of a team.

2. Developing creative capacities (writing, inventing, designing, performing).

3. Developing skill in expressing oneself in writing.

4. Learning how to critically evaluate ideas, arguments, and points of view.

5. Acquiring an interest in learning more by asking questions and seeking answers.

Success requires that you keep pace with the work, understand course concepts, and study effectively. The Academic Enhancement Center (www.uri.edu/aec) is a great place to do this. At the AEC you can work alone or in groups, and tutors and professional learning specialists are available to help you to learn, manage your time and work, and study well. They’re open Monday through Thursday from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. and Fridays until 1 p.m. All services are free (the coffee is free as well!), and no appointment is needed. You can call them for complete information at 874-2367, or just stop by the center on the fourth floor of Roosevelt Hall. 

THANK YOU

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/21/2024 20:10:11
Subject: Syllabus: MGT345: Business and Society
------------------------------------------------------------
University of Rhode Island

COLLEGE OF BUSINESS

SPRING 2024

BUSINESS AND SOCIETY

MGT 345

SANJIV S. DUGAL

sanjivdugal@uri.edu

314 Ballantine Hall

OFFICE HOURS: MW 12-1 pm

“MGT 345 is about becoming who you are. Upon completing the course, you are not arriving at any fixed destination nor will you find some permanent room with a view. But you will see and experience for yourselves that whenever you reach for the highest, you become who you are.” 

WELCOME TO MGT 345

I. INTRODUCTION: BUSINESS AND SOCIETY

All major social changes are ultimately characterized by a transformation of space and time in the human experience (Manuel Castells, 2010). The most profound social change is taking place in new communication technologies that are fostering the development of social spaces of visual reality. The Internet is the backbone of this global computer-mediated communication. Please see: https://www.internetsociety.org/internet/

MGT 345: Business and Society is placed within the framework of two fundamental transformations in our daily lives: ‘the fragmentation of societies and the individualization of work.’ 

II. BUILDING A SOCIETY: A NETWORK OF VISUAL REALITY

Participants in MGT 345 develop and experience two interrelated concepts during the semester: A Network Society and a Visual Reality. We will be developing a network of perceptual spaces characterized by the sharing of “thought images” among ourselves. Our networks reflect distinctive realities that are “individuations,” and outside any regulation. That is to say, we will be developing unique social relations (forms of relatedness) that are manifestations of our networks of text and thought images. The result is a visual reality, a ‘way of seeing’ and ‘being’ in the world that is unique to us, the participants. A ‘way of seeing’ is the key manifestation of ‘the network society’ according to Manuel Castells. 

The question we’re confronting in the course: what is our ‘way of seeing’ the world? What is the visual reality of our social space and network society?

III. COURSE DICTUM: DESCRIBE THINGS

In the course, you work like a phenomenologist whose dictum is: Describe Things. The things that you describe denote any ordinary thing, object, or event as it presents itself to your experience, rather than as it may or may not be in reality. To ‘describe’ is to strip away distractions, habits, cliches of thought, presumptions and received ideas, in order to return attention to what is called ‘things in themselves.’ To capture them exactly as they appear, rather than as you think they are supposed to be. Like blind-tasting! In the course, you ‘set aside’ or ‘bracket out’ theorizing and moralizing about what the thing is, so that we are left only with the intense and immediate experience of the phenomenon. 

The result is a great liberation. It frees you to talk about your experience as a serious topic of investigation. The course gives participants a formal mode of access to their human experience. 

In other words, we’re concerning ourselves with concrete felt-experiences and individual aesthetic responses. We talk about our own lives while still being methodical and rigorous. Our rigor has to do with describing phenomena. Saying the music concert or the homework assignment was great is not enough. You have to stay committed to describing the experience. Traditionally, we begin learning from theories in textbooks. In this course, you’re going straight for life as you experienced it at the moment. For instance, what does it mean to be in this very moment as you read this letter? Anticipation, perhaps? What is it for this thing ‘anticipation’ to exist, to Be? Until we ask such fundamental questions, we will not get anywhere in understanding ‘anticipation.’ Our method is to disregard intellectual clutter and pay attention to ‘things’ and let them reveal themselves.

IV. COURSE METHOD: ETHNOGRAPHIC ACTION RESEARCH

Ethnographic Action Research (EAR) is a form of participatory action research. The ethnographic approach combined with action research is to build upon notions of immersion, long-term engagement, and understanding local contexts holistically. The course combines three approaches: participatory techniques, ethnography, and action learning. Participatory techniques are used to help participants understand complex issues in an inclusive and participatory manner. Ethnography has traditionally been used to understand different cultures in detail and rejects preconceived ideas and categories in favor of locally emergent ones. Action learning allows us to turn what we learn from research into actions, then research those actions, and adjust and adapt accordingly.

A foundational concept of Ethnographic Action Research is ‘communicative ecologies.’ A communicative ecology is made up of communicative assemblages and refers to the complex systems of communication, media, and information flows in a community; a network society. Whenever we start to notice HOW we communicate around certain themes, or HOW we accomplish certain tasks, we start to appreciate which channels and flows are used and why, how this relates to other possible uses, and therefore, where are the opportunities and barriers to a development initiative.

V. “IS THERE A TEXT IN THIS CLASS?” 

You will receive around 100 letters during the semester. What happens to you as readers of these letters, and what does their text make you feel and do is bring into the world something that hitherto did not exist. This can be qualified as visual reality. 

Reading the letters in a particular way is the focal point of the course because it sets in motion a whole chain of activities that depend on both, the text and on the exercise of your human faculties (senses, wits, reason, intelligence). In other words, the letter’s text represents a potential effect that is realized in the reading process. This happens whenever you, as a reader, assemble the meaning of the letter in a process of ‘re-creative dialectics.’ 

To get the participation going, there are necessary prerequisites. These prerequisites are laid out in the letters in a wide range of specific instructions. By the end of the course, you can see how you generate and occupy ideas, abstractions, and words; how you move about, and how you conduct yourself in perceptual space.

The following seminal Texts are used by the Instructor as references in MGT 345:

References:

1. Manuel Castells, 2010, The Rise Of The Network Society, Vol.1-3, Wiley-Blackwell

2. Margaret Dikovitskaya, 2005, Visual Culture, M.I.T. Press

3. David Harvey, 1990, The Condition of Post Modernity, Blackwell

4. Nicholas Mirzoeff, 2016, How To See The World, Basic Books

5. Mike Chang and Nigel Thrift, Eds, 2000, Thinking Space, Routledge

6. Zygmunt Bauman, 2003, Liquid Love, Polity

7. Anthony Giddens, 1986, The Constitution of Society, California University Press

8. Antonio Negri, 2008, The Porcelain Workshop: For a New Grammar of Politics, Semiotext(e)

9. Bruno Latour, 2007, Reassembling the Social, Oxford

10. Muriel Combes, 2013, Gilbert Simondon and the Philosophy of the Transindividual, The MIT Press.

11. Wolfgang Iser, 2006, how to do theory, Blackwell Publishing, MA, USA; Oxford, UK; Victoria, Australia

VI. PRACTICE AND PROCESS

The method that is practiced in MGT345 begins with the simple act of paying attention to a word with care and respect. Word practices are found in many traditions around the globe. It is having awareness that arises by non-judgmentally paying attention, on purpose, to the present moment. Such awareness is a combination of receptivity, like listening, alertness, and attentive presence. That is, letting everything else be in the background or letting it go entirely.

The course requires a different way of thinking; a thinking that ‘knowing,’ reminds you, awakens you, brings you to yourself, and transforms you. Besides claiming to transform the way you think about doing business in society, the course promises to change how you think about yourself. There is no traced-out path that will lead you; you must constantly invent your path. But to invent it, you have to be free, responsible, and without excuse, for every hope lies within you. In the end, we have no other interest than this: to reconnect with normal lived experience. 

VII. ASSESSMENT AND EVALUATION: LIFE OF PRACTICE

In MGT 345, we are developing skills to convince viewers, readers, and our audience of the advantages of one’s semantic and action-orienting powers. 

Our success, under the circumstances, has the following two characteristics: 

first, 

multiple channels of communication that helped us frame issues; 

and second, 

credibility that is enhanced by our sustained practices and processes. 

When undertaking any developmental initiative, it is, ultimately, our sustained practices and processes that determine success.

To address that, you’re expected to regularly respond under the following Topic heads:

1. Notes: Taking and Making from Google Searches 

2. Vocabulary: Concepts and Thought-images

3. Deep Learning and Deconstructing words 

4. Assignments

You will be immersed in the society and culture of a fishbowl.

Here you are learning and understanding by living a life of practice.

Your Being in the Fishbowl and your Mind combine to envision and create essential objects, experiences, and meanings.

You are developing word structures, word images, and felt experiences that are significant to anyone seeking to contextualize, navigate, and transform increasingly complex cultures, societies, and networks. Your life of practice in the fishbowl illuminates how to nurture creative practices from the initial spark to the finished outcome. 

From your in-depth accounts in the fishbowl, your readers and audience will discover methods and tools for themselves that will help them to… 

* Frame critical questions through an iterative process

* Apply hands-on, embodied learning from text and images

* Enhance seeing through closer looking

* Meet uncertainty with flexibility

* Evaluate and articulate the significance of your work

* Generate ethical responses to global needs

VIII. GRADE: DISTRIBUTION

1. A Society of Transnational Organizations 40%

Empirical research (Bartlett and Ghoshal) identifies four characteristics of successful transnational organizations, viz., 

Integrated Networking Structures, 

Complex Adaptive Systems, 

Dynamic Decision-Making, and 

Unique Innovative Capabilities. 

Every characteristic is developed and experienced by participants, in 10 interactive steps.

2. Deconstructing Letters and Deep Learning: 30%

You are developing slower and essential cognitive processes such as critical thinking, reflection, and empathy—-all parts of deep reading. 

When do you read and post, 

How do you read and post, and 

Why do you read and post, 

What you read and post 

changes how you think. 

The quality and quantity of your reading and posting is not only an index of the quality of your thought, it is the best-known path to developing whole new paths.

Through analogies, drawing inferences, and arriving at independent judgments, you are deconstructing text and generating subjective experiences.

3. Final Reflection: Visual Reality and Network Society: 20%

The act of taking on the perspective and feelings of another is communication effected in solitude and depicts an intimate emotional dimension within the course experience. Your final is a reflection on your visual reality and network society by “looking at yourself looking at yourself.” Three pages, double-spaced.

4. Individuation: 10% 

Individuation, or the way you distinguish yourself from others, is always in a relationship and, it is a process. Individuation makes awareness, action, and evaluation possible. 

At the end of the day, after it is all said and done, your grade is determined by two things: level of engagement and creation of value. How often, how much and to what end did you develop and individuate yourself? 

EPILOGUE

Addendum 1: Underlying phenomena 

I. BUSINESS AND SOCIETY

Knowledge outcome 

provider and user value 

knowledge-worker 

ways of doing knowledge

range of experience 

range of caring 

learning process 

learning outcome 

level of engagement 

generating subjectivities 

interactive systems 

felt experiences 

relational practice 

dialogical exchange

aesthetic response

sharing process 

creating interactively

creative dialectic 

working towards commonality 

show-up, turn-on and tune-in 

focused presence 

conversation and dialog 

constant assessment 

discerning emerging story-line 

responsibility and result 

commitment to aesthetic response 

transparency and authenticity 

engagement and impact 

attitude and motivation 

vocabulary and thought-images 

resonance and calibration 

meaning and significance

II. SOCIAL TECHNOLOGIES

Computer-Mediated Communication 

Cyber Behavior 

E-Collaboration

End-User Computing

Human Aspects of Business 

Human Aspects of Technology 

Human Resources Development 

Human Computer Interaction 

Knowledge Society

Social Networking 

Ubiquitous and Pervasive Computing 

Virtual Communities and Virtual Reality

III. EDUCATIONAL TECHNOLOGIES

Adult Learning 

Applied E-Learning 

Cognitive Learning

Computer-Assisted Language Learning 

Distance Education 

Virtual Learning Environments 

Web-Based Teaching and Learning

IV. INTELLIGENT TECHNOLOGIES

Complex Adaptive Systems 

Cognitive Informatics 

Collective Intelligence 

Computational Intelligence 

Computational Linguistics 

Computer Image and Vision Processing Cybernetics

Addendum 2: Five Objectives stated by the University of Rhode Island

1. Acquiring skills in working with others as a member of a team.

2. Developing creative capacities (writing, inventing, designing, performing).

3. Developing skills in expressing oneself in writing.

4. Learning how to critically evaluate ideas, arguments, and points of view. 

5. Acquiring an interest in learning more by asking questions and seeking answers.

Success requires that you keep pace with the work, understand course concepts, and study effectively.

The Academic Enhancement Center (www.uri.edu/aec) is a great place to do this. At the AEC you can work alone or in groups, and tutors and professional learning specialists are available to help you to learn, manage your time and work, and study. The URI Writing Center, located in Roosevelt Hall 009 (lower level, Memorial Union end), offers one-on-one and small group peer tutoring for student writers in all majors who need help developing ideas or would benefit from advice on any aspect of writing. The Center serves all student writers, not just “beginners.” Writers are encouraged to bring a draft, notes, syllabus, or any relevant information to help facilitate the session. Appointments are 45 minutes in length and can be scheduled online at uri.mywconline.com. It's best to make appointments in advance, especially during midterms and finals, but we often have same-day and drop-in appointments available throughout the day so writers can stop by to see what's open. For more information visit uri.edu/aec/writing.

They’re open Monday through Thursday from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. and Fridays until 1 p.m. All services are free (the coffee is free as well!), and no appointment is needed. You can call them for complete information at 874-2367, or just stop by the center on the fourth floor of Roosevelt Hall.

Addendum 3: Please read University rules

Thank You

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/21/2024 19:58:59
Subject: welcome to the fishbowl and registration instructions
------------------------------------------------------------
Subject: Welcome to the Fishbowl

Hi Everyone,

I hope this letter finds you well and full of anticipation for the semester ahead. As your friendly instructor, I am thrilled to extend a warm welcome to all of you and together participate in a dynamic digital platform known as The Fishbowl. 

Instructions to Register are below.

The Fishbowl marks the beginning of a transformative journey that will equip you with the knowledge, skills, and mindset needed to thrive in today's global environment. Whether you are passionate about entrepreneurship, finance, marketing, management, or any other facet of the business world, the Fishbowl is designed to provide you with a comprehensive and enriching educational experience.

The Fishbowl fosters a vibrant and inclusive learning community. Your time here will not only be about acquiring academic knowledge but also developing critical thinking, problem-solving, and communication skills that will serve you well in your future careers.

At the start of the semester, I encourage you to approach your studies with curiosity, determination, and an open mind. The field of business is ever-evolving, presenting both challenges and opportunities. Embrace the chance to explore new ideas, collaborate, and engage with your peers.

As you navigate your undergraduate studies, take advantage of the resources available to you. I am here to support you in reaching your goals and realizing your full potential.

I look forward to seeing each of you grow and succeed during the semester. If you ever have questions or need guidance, don't hesitate to reach out. Remember, your education is a partnership between you and the university, and together, we can make this time truly transformative.

On a scale of 0-10 where 10 is Difficult and 0 is Easy, I would give the course a 5. Details regarding Grades will be covered when we meet tomorrow.

I’m attaching the syllabus below.

Wish you a rewarding and successful semester!

Sincerely,

Sanjiv Dugal

And: Registration Instructions

First step: www.sanjivdugal.net

Enter The Fishbowl.

Your Username is your full name, like: sanjivdugal

Your Password is your last name: dugal

The first page will have “Register" in the top right-hand corner.

Start your registration by clicking on the link in the top right-hand corner on Page 1.

Scroll to Page 5 of the fishbowl instructions and Activate your Account by following the link shown.

You’re in the fishbowl after this.

Locate your course/section in the Fishbowl home page and click to find your last name listed in groups of three.

Before you can enter your group you will be asked for a password. Please type: spring

This is the only password you will be asked by the fishbowl: spring

Best wishes. We’ll go over it in class. Please see a copy of fishbowl instructions in the pdf attached below.

Sanjiv

att/

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/27/2023 7:51:42
Subject: the fishbowl embodies connectivity (MGT345)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well. 

It is time to gear-up (metaphor) for the last lap (metaphor) of the semester. Words are metaphors and they determine how we perceive and experience our worlds. 

Empirical research done by Bartlett and Ghoshal in Harvard/London School of Economics (please google) identified four characteristics of successful transnational organizations, viz.,

Integrated Networking Structure

Complex Adaptive Systems

Dynamic Decision-Making

Unique Innovative Capabilities

Bartlett and Ghoshal maintain that the strength of the multidomestic firm is 'local responsiveness.’ Whereas the global company's strength is seen as ‘efficiency' while the hallmark of an International Multi National Corporations is ‘innovation.’ 

Only the ‘transnational' firm is simultaneously highly innovative, globally efficient and locally responsive.

Please undertake the following steps for each of the four characteristics identified by Bartlett and Ghoshal in order to ENHANCE your understanding, knowledge content and experience:

Step 1. Type the first characteristic: Integrated Networking Structure.

Step 2. Take each word further, (and further again, as necessary) from the dictionary/thesaurus and create a Word-pool of 10 or more words. 

You are sorting, sifting and selecting.

Step 3. From your Word-pool in Step 2, construct a structure that expresses your understanding of the characteristic under development.

Step 4. From your individualized structure in Step 3, do a felt-experience from your fishbowl; self-reflexively. Be specific with examples and instances from the fishbowl. 

Tip for being specific: for every sentence that you write in the first draft of your felt-experience, answer the question: How so? Please be sure to do this in order to prevent trivializing your knowledge content and knowing. This will have ramifications for your grade.

Inflection Point

Step 5. From the four Steps above, select two disparate words/symbols and create a dichotomy.

Step 6. Take the two words in Step 5 further, and further again if necessary, and create a Word-pool.

Step 7. Construct a sentence structure from your Word-pool in Step 6.

Step 8. Do a felt experience from your fishbowl on the structure above; self-reflexively. Be specific with examples and instances. Use the Tip mentioned in Step 4. Doing so is essential to empower your text.

Step 9. A final reflection (one paragraph) on your process when developing 'tacit knowledge’ (please google).

I will be writing subsequently to further elucidate the 9 Steps above. Develop the four exercises in a separate file at first and then post in the fishbowl only on 12/13 (mid-night), the first day of Finals. Please show iterations, edits, deletions and re-writes. You are sharing your thought process and choices made; not a neatly packaged final product. Please keep in mind: 'process is the product.' Please google.

In the fishbowl we embody connectivity. "Connectivity is Destiny." Please see the Ted Talk by Parag Khanna (20mts) and the recent postings by Nate Januario. 

https://www.ted.com/talks/parag_khanna_how_megacities_are_changing_the_map_of_the_world?language=en

Best Wishes, Be Safe, Stay Hydrated,

Sanjiv

ENHANCE, TRANS (PREFIX), CHARACTERISTIC, TRIVIALIZE, EMPOWER, DISPARATE, DICHOTOMY, INFLECTION, SPECIFIC, RAMIFICATION, DESTINY, EMBODY, CONNECTIVITY

from the fishbowl...

Nate Januario

Posts: 53

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 8:50 pm

"The Spectacle" (9/27)

Post by Nate Januario » Sun Nov 19, 2023 11:45 pm

Debord's magnum opus, "The Society of the Spectacle" ("La société du spectacle"), published in 1967, stands as a cornerstone in political philosophy, social theory, and cultural critique. Within its pages, Debord dissects the concept of the "spectacle," an entity that he contends lies at the heart of advanced capitalism and the consumer-driven society.

The Spectacle:

Let me unfurl the concept of the "spectacle" as a mesmerizing play, where every scene, every act, is a carefully orchestrated dance of images. It is more than a mere visual feast—it is the very heartbeat of modern life, an omnipresent force that casts its spell over the collective consciousness.

Picture the spectacle as woven with the threads of media, advertising, and the relentless pulse of image-driven culture. Each thread, a shimmering illusion, draws us into a labyrinth of narratives, where reality blurs and the tangible gives way to the intangible allure of the visual.

The spectacle is a grand storyteller, a masterful illusionist that shapes perceptions and constructs a curated version of reality. It beckons us to immerse ourselves in its radiant glow, promising a refuge from the complexities of existence. Yet, in its enchanting allure, it conceals a subtle alchemy—an alchemy that transforms genuine experiences into mere reflections, authentic connections into fleeting shadows.

Within this spectacle, the world becomes a grand stage, and we, its unwitting actors, perform roles defined by the images projected upon us. The spectacle weaves narratives that transcend the limitations of time and space, creating a timeless realm where the past, present, and future coalesce into a continuous, mesmerizing performance.

Yet, as the spectacle captivates with these illusions, Debord's critique unfolds—a poignant meditation on the price paid for such enchantment. In the spellbinding dance of images, he hints at the subtle erosion of authenticity, the gradual fading of the real beneath the relentless glare of the simulated.

And so, in the theater of the spectacle, we find ourselves both audience and actor, navigating a world where the lines between reality and illusion blur. Debord's concept becomes a poetic reflection—a call to discern the ephemeral allure from the enduring substance, and to seek, amidst the spectacle's dazzling display, the quiet authenticity that lies beneath the shimmering surface of the modern stage.

Last edited by Nate Januario on Mon Nov 20, 2023 12:46 am, edited 1 time in total.

Nate Januario

Posts: 53

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 8:50 pm

"Grammar of the Multitude"

Post by Nate Januario » Sun Nov 19, 2023 11:56 pm

Post-Fordism, with its seismic shifts in labor and production, becomes the backdrop against which Virno's exploration resonates. The multitude, far from a passive entity, emerges as an active grammatical force, rewriting the syntax of resistance amidst the evolving structures of the socio-political landscape.

As we delve into the pages of "Grammar of the Multitude," Virno's prose becomes a brush painting strokes of agency, activism, and empowerment onto the canvas of collective identity. Each chapter unveils a new grammatical rule - a syntactical nuance - revealing the potential for transformative action within the multitude.

In the spirit of Guy Debord's reflections on the spectacle and the shaping of modern society, Virno's work becomes a contemporary sonnet- poetic meditation on the grammar of resistance and the syntax of social movements. The multitude, as an ever-evolving linguistic entity, transcends theoretical abstraction, manifesting as a dynamic force in the lived experiences of those who challenge established norms and reimagine the political landscape.

"Grammar of the Multitude" invites us to read between the lines, to decipher the syntax of solidarity, and to embrace the multitudinous expressions of human agency. It is not merely a philosophical treatise but a living lexicon- an eloquent call to engage with the grammar of resistance inscribed in the collective voices that shape the possibilities of our shared future.

Debord+ Virno:

Virno's work stands as a contemporary companion to Debord- a resonant voice in the ongoing dialogue about the nature of collective action and the transformative potential inherent in the grammar of the multitude. Through this lens, "Grammar of the Multitude" emerges not just as a philosophical treatise but as a call to reimagine the possibilities of human agency in the complex tapestry of the post-Fordist era.

Nate Januario

Posts: 53

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 8:50 pm

NeverEnding

Post by Nate Januario » Mon Nov 20, 2023 12:03 am

In the magical realm of "The NeverEnding Story," the unfolding narrative becomes a portal, transcending the dusty pages of a magical book. Here, young Bastian Bux, ensconced in the quiet corners of a forgotten bookstore, becomes the storyteller and the audience simultaneously. As he delves into the pages of "The NeverEnding Story," a fantastical odyssey unfolds—a tale of Fantasia, threatened by the inexorable force of "The Nothing."

Within the enchanting contours of this classic fantasy film, we witness the alchemy of storytelling, where words on a page transcend their static existence and come to life in the vivid landscapes of imagination. Bastian's journey mirrors the transformative power of narrative—a testament to the timeless allure of stories that captivate and transport.

In tandem with this cinematic journey, the concept of "performative writing" emerges as a thematic companion—a literary echo that resonates with the interplay between words and actions. Performative writing, much like the enchanted book itself, transcends the traditional confines of text, inviting readers to become participants in a living narrative. It blurs the boundaries between literature and performance, infusing the written word with the immediacy and vitality of a live experience.

The roots of performative language, as explored in the philosophical tapestry, delve into the insights of John L. Austin. In his work "How to Do Things with Words," Austin unveils the concept of performative utterances—statements that not only convey meaning but also enact actions. This profound idea becomes a thread woven into the fabric of performative writing, where the act of reading becomes a dynamic engagement, a performative enactment of the narrative itself.

As Bastian turns each page, he steps into the role of both reader and participant, actively shaping the destiny of Fantasia through the sheer power of his imagination. The movie, much like the performative utterances Austin envisioned, becomes a conduit for action, inviting the audience to not merely witness but actively partake in the unfolding saga.

In the marriage of "The NeverEnding Story" and the concept of performative writing, we encounter a realm where storytelling becomes a living, breathing entity—a continuum that extends beyond the confines of finite pages and fleeting scenes. Through the synergy of cinema and philosophy, we are reminded that stories, whether on the screen or within the pages of a book, possess the magical ability to transcend time, space, and the boundaries between fiction and reality.

Nate Januario

Posts: 53

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 8:50 pm

The dance of Reflexivity

Post by Nate Januario » Wed Nov 22, 2023 3:35 pm

"Reflexive Methodology" emerges as a guiding compass, a collaborative effort penned by the insightful minds of Mats Alvesson and Kaj Sköldberg. Nestled within the realm of organizational studies and qualitative research methodology, this book stands as a guide for those traversing the nuanced landscapes of social sciences and qualitative inquiry.

At its core, "Reflexive Methodology" is a literary atlas, charting a course for researchers who seek not just to observe but to engage in a dance of critical self-reflection. Alvesson and Sköldberg invite us to embark on a journey beyond the surface of data collection, urging us to navigate the complexities of research with a reflexive lens. Here, the methodology becomes a mirror—an instrument not only for observing the external but also for turning inward, fostering a dynamic dialogue between researcher and research.

Picture the pages of this book as a fertile ground where seeds of insight are sown, and the roots of reflexivity delve deep into the soil of qualitative inquiry. The authors, seasoned navigators of organizational studies, provide a nuanced guide, sharing wisdom garnered from their intellectual odysseys. The reflexive approach, as articulated within these pages, becomes a methodological alchemy—a transformative process that elevates research beyond the mechanical into a realm of thoughtful introspection.

In the dance of reflexivity, researchers are not mere observers; they become active participants in the construction of knowledge. The authors illuminate the intricate choreography between the researcher's positionality and the unfolding narrative of the research itself. This dance extends beyond the confines of data collection, infusing the entire research process with a sense of reflexivity that enriches the depth and authenticity of the scholarly endeavor.

For those navigating the terrain of social sciences, where the understanding of human phenomena demands more than detached observation, "Reflexive Methodology" becomes an indispensable companion. It is a call to embrace the complexity of the research journey, to engage in a dance of self-awareness, and to appreciate the transformative potential that lies within the reflexive embrace of qualitative inquiry.

As scholars turn the pages of Alvesson and Sköldberg's collaborative creation, they enter a realm where methodological reflection becomes a cornerstone of rigorous inquiry. "Reflexive Methodology" is not just a book; it is an intellectual companion that beckons researchers to embark on a reflective odyssey, where the art of inquiry is as much about understanding the self as it is about unraveling the intricacies of the social world.

Nate Januario

Posts: 53

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 8:50 pm

INTED2024

Post by Nate Januario » Sat Nov 25, 2023 1:56 pm

What adds to the allure of INTED2024 is not just its scale but the fact that that scale can bring global perspective from different forms of work and various perspectives. Participants from 80 different countries, each bringing their cultural nuances and educational practices, create an environment that fosters cross-cultural understanding and collaboration. This convergence of minds makes INTED2024 not only a conference but a melting pot of diverse perspectives, where the boundaries of traditional education are pushed and expanded.

For those who attend, the benefits extend beyond the confines of the conference hall. INTED2024 is an opportunity to forge connections that endure beyond the event—a chance to build networks, partnerships, and collaborations that can have a lasting impact on the future of education.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/20/2023 12:40:22
Subject: rest, recuperate, rejuvenate
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you rest, recuperate and rejuvenate this week.

We are nearing the end of this ‘Dramaturgy’ (please google) which is our fishbowl.

'Dramaturgy is a sociological perspective on identity that employs a theatrical metaphor to explore issues of identity formation and reformation. As such, dramaturgy assumes a place, a moment, and an audience to whom the identity is being presented.'

Please watch the two films attached below: Strictly Ballroom and Beautiful People. They represent two starkly opposite social structures.

1. Strictly Ballroom

Strictly Ballroom mimics the social structure of a “mechanistic” organization (please google) in pursuit of "social inclusion" and "obedience to authority" as the way to act and behave towards each other. It is "militarized capitalism," and “organized time” according to Richard Sennett, in his book, 'The Culture of the New Capitalism' (please google). The price individuals pay for organized time is freedom or individuality. This “iron cage” is both prison and home. It is represented by targets and goals, expectations and achievements that are symbols of success/failure.

The task, of a leader/manager today is to protect and promote creativity of their social group. 

When you fail to do that, you make people “redundant." Like Lola said to Charlie Boy, “you made them redundant, you miserable sod.”

2. Beautiful People

The film Beautiful People depicts the chaos of global organizational spaces. What we realize and understand is that any pursuit of a universal objective meaning is woefully misguided and it is such pursuits that disconnect and prevent us from 'creating meaning and coherence' in our lives. In the film, we see for ourselves, there is no clear system or meaning that can be learnt or taught and implemented with success; and, there are no universal objective truths to be known and there are no longer any facts as such, only interpretations. Emphasizing objectivity (facts and figures) takes the spirit out of the experience of meaning which is inherently subjective, independent and expressive.

Sanjiv

SPECTER, REDUNDANT, CREATIVITY, MECHANISTIC, MEANIING, COHERENCE

c:MGT448

Strictly Ballroom

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1RPmv5H4rcf7XNSGb6gCur-qaGJZGIQ7G/view?usp=sharing

Beautiful People

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Qd1OrIignZTDADnY27nT2fWElVdEdMhX/view?usp=sharing

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/17/2023 17:31:24
Subject: assignment: broaden your range of awarenss (448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone (in 448 only), 

How are you? I hope you are well. 

I want to REFLECT on the films you are watching this semester from the point of view of “culture.” Keep the films in mind and deconstruct a sentence from each film. 

I. Videos attached

Kinky Boots (across cultures), 

Japanese Story (across cultures), 

Moonrise Kingdom (American culture), 

Outsourced (Indian culture), 

Iron & Silk (Chinese culture).

II. Culture

It is good to develop a notion of the word “culture" for yourselves. 

What is culture?

1. Culture is a shared system of meanings 

The fishbowl is a shared SYSTEM of meanings, you will agree.

Culture DICTATES what groups of people pay ATTENTION to.

Culture guides how you perceive the world;, how the self is experienced; and, how life itself is organized.

"Patterns of behavior" hold groups of people together or RENDERS them apart.

We have "learned ways" of "constructing meaning" from our experiences.

There has to be a "common way of understanding" events and behavior, and predicting outcomes. For example, waving a hand or squatting on the floor has no clear meaning without the context being understood (see in Outsourced). Furthermore, the INTENDED meaning of a GESTURE need not coincide with the perceived meaning except where cultural identities match. It is only when meanings do coincide that EFFECTIVE communication can happen. Please keep that in mind.

2. Culture is relative

There is no absolute. People in different cultures perceive the world differently and have different ways of doing things as Asha reminds Todd in the film Outsourced.

Todd has the flexibility and agility to turn around and listen (and aske: what did you mean by that?). He found a friend in Asha and Purro. Always helpful to find a person who understands your cultural CONUNDRUM.

3. Culture is learned

It DERIVES from the social environment, not from an individual’s genetic make up.

4. Culture is about groups

It is a COLLECTIVE phenomenon that is about shared values and meanings.

 

As individuals, we carry LAYERS of cultural ‘programming.’ 

Starts with basic values as a child: right/wrong, good/bad, logical/illogical.

Layers are learned or ‘programmed’ in the course of education, in schools and organizations.

These layers are more ways of doing things, or practices, as opposed to fundamental assumptions about how things are.

III. Assignment

Keeping the above notion of culture in mind, please CONJURE SCENARIOS from the films.

You are scrolling and screening the films to experience foreign cultures.

ASSIGNMENT: Through careful observation of text and images in the films (as in real life), please make interpretations (through deconstruction) as to what is going-on in a particular photographic shot (mental) and episode (incident).

We begin to observe oneself making interpretations, by looking at our differences in the fishbowl.

We become self-aware. Differences in cultures makes us self-aware. Please keep that in mind.

Broaden your range of awareness.

RANGE, AWARE

Sanjiv

c; MGT345

Outsourced

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pFOnJ4i7yBC7AWbzmdR7TlZ_cINUvBMl/view?usp=sharing

Iron and Silk

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1InB5COMuByIncKUshQOZ-arxzXikvt9R/view?usp=sharing

Japanese Story

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1i8tHB8ID0D9-0JAQsNAjnLaxGifSOvPT/view?usp=sharing

Moonrise Kingdom

ttps://drive.google.com/file/d/1j89wik5UPQcN_IA5XJ_R78qmUmzV_DlZ/view?usp=sharing

Kinky Boots

https://drive.google.com/file/d/12h4f1ET-djdMRthz3Trgz0NM4qWKyy5m/view?usp=sharing

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/11/2023 17:10:32
Subject: like being on the catwalk
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. 

Significant factors that trigger stress are uncertainty, lack of information, and loss of control. The fishbowl is designed to remove these factors entirely. 

1.There is no uncertainty regarding your grade. To earn a B you will have done your vocabulary, which means you will have read the letters and, the chance of reading other postings. After that the grade moves upwards into three sub-strata, and everyone is visible for comparing and contrasting. Like being on the catwalk.

2. There is no lack of information because you are controlling the flow of information. The flow is determined by your google search and value-added, and how much you wish to share.

3. There is no loss of control because you determine the direction you want learning to proceed. This is determined by your deconstructions and felt-experiences.

Please see the Abstract below. If you have been doing your vocabulary assiduously, you will have no problem in relating to this text. At the heart of learning in the fishbowl is “reader response theory.” Please google. We are forming singular points-of-view by choosing our words. Sorting, sifting, selecting and substituting. And our opinions are valid only because of their reflexive force---tuning back on oneself. 

Sanjiv

CATWALK, SINGULAR

from the fishbowl...

GENERATING KNOWLEDGE CONTENT AND KNOWING IN THE AGE OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE

S. Dugal1, M. Troiano2, S. Singh3, M. Hanna1, M. Vancouyghen1, N. Gamache1, G. Daddio1, C. Calise1, M. Goeller1, M. Sundwall1, K. Reilly1, J. Castro1, J. Black1, L. Joseph1, L. Gill1, A. Ryder1, S. Boyer1, J. Morley1, J. Keeler1, E. Papa1, A. Merlo1, J. Campbell1, S. Schindlar1, H. Brown1, A. Bacik1, N. Januario1, B. Swajger1, O. Surette1, P. Gudas1, T. Tobin1, A. Doran1, R. Singh4, J. Romero1, T. Renzi1, L. Pitt1

1 University of Rhode Island (UNITED STATES)

2 Verizon (UNITED STATES)

3 Savvy (UNITED STATES)

4 RLDA Studio (INDIA)

sanjivdugal@uri.edu, michael.troiano1@verizon.net, shivsingh@gmail.com, michelle_hanna@uri.edu, mvancouyghen@uri.edu, ngamache@uri.edu, gracedaddio@uri.edu, cecilia_calise@uri.edu, makenna_goeller@uri.edu, macey_sundwall@uri.edu, keegan920@uri.edu, joshua_castro@uri.edu, jamie_black@uri.edu, lauren_joseph@uri.edu, lily_gill@uri.edu, abbyryder@uri.edu, sydneyboyer@uri.edu, jdmorley@uri.edu, jayce_keeler@uri.edu, emma_papa@uri.edu, anthony_merlo@uri.edu, jennacampbell@uri.edu, sschindlar@uri.edu, hazelbrown25@uri.edu, abacik@uri.edu, januarion@uri.edu, bswajger@uri.edu, owen_surette@uri.edu, payton_gudas@uri.edu, thomas_tobin@uri.edu, amy_doran@uri.edu, rahoulsingh@gmail.com, jason_romero@uri.edu, talianna_renzi@uri.edu, pittl20@uri.edu

Discipline: Education

Type of presentation: VIRTUAL

I. Introduction: awareness of process

We are 180 undergraduate students at the University of Rhode Island who are generating knowledge content in a digital environment, we call the Fishbowl. Situated in accounts of one’s “epistemic cognition,” we focus on our aims and processes of knowing. Cognition is ‘the mental action or process of acquiring knowledge and understanding through thought, experience, and the senses.’ Epistemic cognition is ‘awareness of the process of acquiring knowledge.’

Since we experience the Fishbowl and ourselves as continuously changing, we believe the dynamic nature of our ‘being' must be the primary focus for any comprehensive account of acquiring knowledge. We are concerned with dynamic entities, like mental occurrences and the realization of individual values in action. In other words, the actual occasion of experience is central when creating knowledge content and knowing. In our paper, we present and identify processes and shifting relationships as the only real experience in the Fishbowl.

II. Purpose: to bring forth

1. To share our process of acquiring knowledge and understanding.

2. To evoke thought-images when reading text.

III. Method: a flow of processing information

1. Metacognitive knowledge is the knowledge individuals develop of their own cognitive processes and their ability to monitor and reflect on them; how you think about your own thinking.

2. Metacognitive control characterizes one’s ability to identify learning needs and adapt behavior based on outcomes.

3. When posting in the fishbowl, we experiment with “free association” and “reader response theory.” The individual’s response to a text is a series of posts which are carried out to observe emerging outcomes.. It is one’s group of postings that takes inputs, adds value, and provides output for the viewer. The Fishbowl, as a whole, is a set of postings that interact with each other. Often, output of one is input for the other.

4. Postings are conceptual engagements with subjective feelings in fragments of textual snapshots.

IV.Outcome: life of practice

We restore significance to the practice of self-reflection. Our practice is contemplative without relinquishing characteristics of action. Our process of acquiring knowledge is a “life of practice” where one develops as a “practicing person” and gets the self “into shape” as the “person-that-can.” It is the evolution of subjectivity, ways of feeling, thinking and communicating and, transcending situations. Within a context, the capability of a "practicing person" is viewed as their constitution, virtue, virtuosity, competence, excellence, or fitness. Are you a "practicing person" and the right individual for the job?

As practitioners, we showcase our “life of practice”. The Fishbowl makes an impression of the extent, weight, and variety of forms of the “life of practice.” In the full paper, we present a ‘triptych of works,' and invite viewers to expand upon them, and share their own practices and processes of reading and writing.

Keywords: KNOWLEDGE CONTENT, PROCESS, EXPERIENCE, REFLEXIVITY, THOUGHT-IMAGE, ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/29/2023 18:47:43
Subject: deep thinking and thinking spaces
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

For several weeks, we have been swimming in a digital fishbowl. Regarding one's “learning," we raise the question: how does one gain “perspective" about the fishbowl, or about anything else? 

We start by selecting a word, a thought-image, and pose this question; How does one? By focusing on a word, and posing the question, we create a "thinking space" (please google). 

You can raise any question, i.e., select any word you want to meditate and contemplate upon, aka "deep thinking" (Please google).

Three tips to practice deep thinking:

1. Set your best time to think. Many of us spend the best hours of our days in meetings or in execution mode.

2. Find the “room” that works for you. Some of us do our best thinking by sitting down while closing our eyes. 

3. Make your own question library.

Finally, it is about sharing one's thinking spaces, our trajectories of thoughts, our structures of time and space (mental and physical), our points-of-view, forever in formation, always in a state of “becoming" (please google Deleuze) something else. 

Please see Makenna Goeller’s “assemblage" of words below. These may be construed as concepts, symbols, images, dichotomies and dimensions that she is contemplating, in order to understand what happened in Japanese Story. Her posting creates an inter-subjective space among us. We are indeed in a fishbowl.

We perceive and experience the world through each others structures. We can see and experience the Japanese Story through Goeller’s structures or any other structure of our seeking.

Bottom line: we focus onto a word and begin from there, into the unknown.

Sanjiv

LEARNING, PERSPECTIVE, POSE, QUESTION, MEDITATE, CONTEMPLATE, CONSTRUE, DICHOTOMY, DIMENSION, ASSEMBLAGE, FLUID, BECOMING

from the fishbowl... 

makennagoeller

Posts: 61

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 8:17 pm

Contact: Contact makennagoeller

Re: Vocabulary

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by makennagoeller » Fri Oct 27, 2023 4:17 pm

Letter 10/26

Awareness - knowledge or perception of a situation or fact; concern about and well-informed interest in a particular situation or development; the state or ability to perceive, to feel, or to be conscious of events, objects, or sensory patterns; a concept about knowing, perceiving and being cognizant of events.

Difference - a point or way in which people or things are not the same; the quality or state of being dissimilar or different; to disagree about some things; he difference between two things is often used to explore what the two things do not have in common.

Knowledge - facts, information, and skills acquired by a person through experience or education; the theoretical or practical understanding of a subject; awareness or familiarity gained by experience of a fact or situation; the fact or condition of knowing something with familiarity gained through experience or association; acquaintance or familiarity gained by sight, experience, or report.

Skill - the ability to do something well; the ability to use one's knowledge effectively and readily in execution or performance; a type of work or activity which requires special training and knowledge.

Connect - bring together or into contact so that a real or notional link is established; to join or fasten together usually by something intervening; Social connection can lower anxiety and depression, help us regulate our emotions, lead to higher self-esteem and empathy, and actually improve our immune systems.

Disparate - essentially different in kind; not allowing comparison; markedly distinct in quality or character; containing or made up of fundamentally different and often incongruous.

Construct - an idea or theory containing various conceptual elements, typically one considered to be subjective and not based on empirical evidence; is to make or form by combining or arranging parts or elements.

Structure - the arrangement of and relations between the parts or elements of something complex; construct or arrange according to a plan; give a pattern or organization to; something of many parts that is put together; the way in which it is made, built, or organized.

Inter-subjective - involving or occurring between separate conscious minds; the interchange of thoughts and feelings, both conscious and unconscious, between two persons or “subjects,” as facilitated by empathy; Three traditional kinds of intersubjectivity, that is consensual, regimented and explicit intersubjectivity are differentiated from two alternative kinds, namely argumentative and dialogical intersubjectivity.

Space - a continuous area or expanse which is free, available, or unoccupied; the dimensions of height, depth, and width within which all things exist and move; a limited extent in one, two, or three dimensions.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/26/2023 23:20:20
Subject: Difference: Awareness, Knowledge, Skill
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you?

When you consider Hofstede’s definition of culture as 'collective programming,' then we are considering

’social constructions’ 

'mental structures' 

'mental spaces' and 

'perceptual realities.’

The lynchpin in their understanding is that words are symbols whose meanings are socially constructed. So the meaning of the symbol, the word-image Geisha is different for Sandy and Hiromitsu. 

At the start of Japanese Story, we see Sandy's ante-narrative playing out. She is gender stereotyped by her office mates and now she is asked to be a Geisha Girl to a Japanese Warlord who is boring as cat shit! 

As for Hiromitsu, to be kept waiting, and by a woman chauffeur is a total shock. Hiromitsu experiences Sandy as loud and aggressive and who undermines authority. Far from a Geisha image.

The encounter between the protagonists in Japanese Story may be perceived as an interaction between two disparate mental structures. If Sandy and Hiro can't figure-out how to connect across their mental divides, they will soon be dead in the desert. From the moment Sandy and Hiromitsu met, they were in a downward spiral. What happened?

Sandy and HIromitsu have to construct an inter-subjective space (please google) that lies outside their respective structures. 

It is the space of ‘friendship,' where you can be anything you want.

But how do we get there is the question. Time is running out.

When entering a cross-cultural situation, the logical sequence of steps, according to Hofstede are Awareness, Knowledge and Skills.

1. Awareness that you differ from others in their social behavior and assumptions regarding the roles that we play.

2. Learn to know (knowledge of) these differences.

3. Skills to communicate and express these differences.

In Japanese Story we witness this sequence of steps:

 

1. Sandy and Hiromitsu have zero awareness that there are perceptual differences. Disaster is inevitable. A woman driver threw Hiro off.

2. Sandy and Hiromitsu learn to know (knowledge of) these differences by taking one word, one symbol, at a time. 

The mantra is: turnaround and ask: what did you mean by that?

Once Sandy and Hiromitsu start interacting this way, they are able to get themselves out of the jam.

When interaction covers steps 1 and 2, then friendship develops fast and we feel its power.

Sanjiv

AWARENESS, DIFFERENCE, KNOWLEDGE, SKILL, CONNECT, DISPARATE, CONSTRUCT, STRUCTURE, INTER-SUBJECTIVE, SPACE

 

from the fishbowl...

 ONLINE

jacquelinemorley

Posts: 74

Joined: Sun Sep 10, 2023 10:58 am

Contact: Contact jacquelinemorley

Re: Deconstructions and Felt Experiences

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Unread post by jacquelinemorley » Thu Oct 26, 2023 12:04 pm

The Japanese Story

I found The Japanese Story to be a beautiful film and discussion on how differences in culture can induce stereotypes, yet one can not base their judgements about someone based on their opposing way of life. In the beginning, Sandy makes rude and borderline racist comments when she learns that she will be in charge of the Japanese man, Hiromitsu, who is visiting Australia for business. Yet, as the story progresses, they develop a relationship and learn that they are not as different as they thought. Below I will discuss some quotes and scenarios in the film that I found to be the most impactful.

1. This film included many stark differences in culture that Australian Sandy could not comprehend. For example, it is a Japanese custom to bow when presenting a business card to a new potential partner. Their culture is laid upon a foundation of respect and some of the Australians meeting Hiromitsu learned this custom in preparation of the event, however Sandy did not. Another cultural difference was when Sandy first picks up Hiromitsu from the airport. She is late to picking him up, showing her relaxed culture, and Hiromitsu hands her his suitcase to put in the car herself, as the driver does this for the passenger in Japanese business culture. The suitcase was large and Sandy had some trouble getting it in, while Hiromitsu stood there watching, as that is just what he knows. While I have not had an experience with culture as drastic as this, I can comment on the fact that the Japanese culture is very respectful and operates with poise. I have a couple Japanese professors and I admire how they conduct their classes and speak with certainty and care.

2. "It is very bad to make mistakes, so I must fix them myself."

Hiromitsu says this to Sandy when they are stuck in the desert. He refuses to call for help and insists that he will get them out of this situation. While he eventually does, he puts himself and Sandy at a high risk of death due to his dignity. This is a comment on Japanese culture and how it is considered dishonorable to fail. Hiromitsu does not want anyone to know that he needs help because that could be perceived as weak, while Sandy is eager to call for aid as an Australian.

3. "You can’t send a condolence card to a complete stranger. You don’t know her. You don’t know her culture. You don’t know anything about her. Or her marriage. Nothing!"

After the tragic passing of Hiromitsu, Sandy says this to her mother when she suggests sending a condolence card to his wife. Obviously struck with grief, Sandy yells that that would be highly inappropriate and has learned this through her experiences with Hiromitsu. Sandy has learned that the Japanese culture is more private than that of Australia and knows that this is not a good idea. This is a moment of growth and shows how much Sandy has learned about culture compared to the beginning of the movie. This reminds me of a cultural difference between American and Filipino culture surrounding death. In Filipino culture, it is common for wakes to be filled with decorations and pictures are often taken -- sometimes even of the casket. However, in American culture, the celebration of death is relatively subdued and it would be very weird for someone to take a picture during the wake or funeral.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/26/2023 0:06:13
Subject: reflexivity
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

That’s a great reflection by Grace Daddio. It is a fragment. A moment, captured in text. It is a feeling and an experience. It is a practice, a way of thinking and a way of doing. 

Her posting is self-reflexive. Please google Giddens and reflexivity. Anthony Giddens accentuated this theme with his notion of "reflexive modernity" – the argument that, over time, society is becoming increasingly more self-aware, reflective, and hence reflexive.

And, it manifests in expression. We are learning to express ourselves in a fishbowl, where we share these expressions and develop a collective know-how into a worldwide network. That is what Lola and Charlie Price did in Kinky Boots. This is serious business. It goes deeper and further than social media or AI. Please do google Giddens, and pull out an idea or two as it applies to your experience in the fishbowl or anywhere else.

Sanjiv

FRAGMENT, MOMENT, SELF, SOCIAL, REFLECTIVE, REFLEXIVE, MANIFEST, EXPRESSION

from the fishbowl...

gracedaddio

Posts: 60

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 11:15 am

Contact: Contact gracedaddio

Re: Daddio Google Search, Deconstruction & Felt Experiences

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by gracedaddio » Mon Oct 23, 2023 2:28 pm

Letter 28

Metacognition

" A key element is recognizing the limit of one’s knowledge or ability and then figuring out how to expand that knowledge or extend the ability".

I really liked this quote regarding metacognition. Based on my understanding of the concept, it seems like metacognition is woven into the core of the Fishbowl. My knowledge is constantly expanding and evolving during the duration of the course. I am learning about different movies & respective themes within, various subject matters, expanding vocabulary, and developing and nurturing introspection. I think more courses should incorporate or have open discussions on metacognition to give the opportunity to learn from others.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/22/2023 23:14:42
Subject: learning by doing
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well.

Learning by doing is coming back, not only as an alternative educational doctrine but in areas where competence is most highly valued. Learning has become life-giving rather than grade-earning. 

Life-giving is sharing your learning. Inevitably, Alexa Foerder’s posting will depict new forms of practice and attention. 

How so?

1. We are learning how to make 'forays into the unknown' and share our trajectories. 

2. We are constantly at the very edge of our competence, seeking new paths rather than repeating correct ones.

3. Human beings have a very broad sensory range and a learned capacity for narrowing things down. Our postings depict patterns of attention, ways of concentrating, and things to watch for. And, we learn to modify them, so we can learn to see from multiple lenses.

4. As a way of knowing, we are imagining connections about which we cannot yet be explicit. We are a life-in-progress and we are finding ourselves.

Sanjiv

FORAY, UNKNOWN, DEPICT, PATTERN, ATTENTION, MODIFY, COMPETENCE

from the fishbowl...

alexafoerder

Posts: 3

Joined: Wed Sep 06, 2023 4:03 pm

Alexa Foerder "defining Culture"

Post by alexafoerder » Fri Oct 20, 2023 1:14 pm

Here is how I understand culture in our society.

"culture is the collective programming of the mind which distinguishes the members of one human group from another.”

The five main dimensions are

- identity, power, gender, uncertainty, and time.

- You can think about cultural value dimensions on a scale or a continuum, where one aspect of the value lies on one side of the scale and the other extreme lies at the other end of the scale.

- Hofstede developed this cultural model primarily on the basis of differences in values and beliefs regarding work goals

Vocab

collective: done by people acting as a group

Programming: the process or activity of writing computer programs

Mental: relating or related to the mind.

Construct: an idea or theory containing various conceptual elements, typically one considered to be subjective and not based on empirical evidence

Value: the regard that something is held to deserve; the importance, worth, or usefulness of something

Preference: a greater liking for one alternative over another or others

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/21/2023 12:29:43
Subject: improvising and adapting in ambiguous situations
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well this Friday evening.

Participant observation is more than a research methodology; it is a way of being, especially suited to a world of change, where one has to improvise not one but multiple roles. Please see Haley Fornuto’s reflection on Participation Observation and my observations in this letter are about her process of improvisation and adaptation in an ambiguous situation that is threaded with layers of other experiences. 

The quality of improvisation characterizes more and more of our lives online, lived in uncertainty, full of the inklings of alternatives. 

In a rapidly changing and interdependent world, single models of knowledge are less likely to be viable and plans more likely to go awry. The effort to combine multiple models risks runaway mumbo-jumbo, but adhering to a single model brings the whole shebang down.

Adaptation comes out of encounters with novelty that may seem chaotic. In trying to adapt, we may need to deviate from cherished values, behaving in ways we have barely glimpsed, seizing on fragmentary clues. If rejected as an aberration (mumbo jumbo) it may be due to habits of attention and perception (evaluating systems) acting as blinders.

The fishbowl is about ambiguity because ambiguity is the warp (in weaving) of life, not something to be eliminated. In other words, you are learning to do without answers and only fragmentary clues. This opens up the pleasures of recognizing and playing with pattern, finding coherence within complexity, sharing within multiplicity.

Under pressure of the moment, when needing to respond, it is best to be captured by some central point of focus, a word, and then proceed onwards from there... 

Sanjiv

IMPROVISE, ROLE, ADAPT, AMBIGUOUS, THREAD, LAYERS, INKLING, GLIMPSE, FRAGMENT, CLUE

from the fishbowl...

haley_fornuto

Posts: 10

Joined: Wed Sep 06, 2023 11:10 am

Contact: Contact haley_fornuto

Letter 8- Participant Observation

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Unread post by haley_fornuto » Fri Oct 20, 2023 2:57 pm

participant observation: Participant observation is a research method commonly used in social sciences, anthropology, and some branches of sociology. It involves a researcher immersing themselves in a particular social or cultural setting in order to observe and interact with the people or subjects being studied. The researcher becomes a participant in the context they are studying, which allows them to gain an in-depth understanding of the culture, behavior, and social dynamics of the group they are observing.

"When interacting across cultures, we must together be aware of our differences and, from that position, proceed to learn and know about these differences, and all the while, develop skills to correct, connect and communicate across these differences. Awareness, Knowledge, Skills."

Deconstruction:

In my own words, I would describe Participant observation as using your own experiences when recording an observation. In order to adjust to or learn about culture, you must experience it and interact with differences. Overtime, you will begin to understand these differences and adjust your norms accordingly.

 

Felt experience:

Myself and others experience culture differences as we continue through life. One example I could give would be when starting a new job, I am unsure how I am supposed to perform and how I am supposed to interact with all new employees. Overtime, involvement in the new company allows me to connect and communicate correctly with new faces. I become aware of everyone's differences and learn about them. This goes the same for an internship opportunity. The intern engages in casual conversations with employees, attends company events, and builds relationships with staff members. These interactions provide insights into the company culture, employee relationships, and the informal norms that may not be readily apparent. Another example I could give would be when showing up to a party with unfamiliar faces. In this case I also have to give myself time to understand and learn the norms of an unfamiliar group of people.

Kinky Boots:

In kinky boots, I can conclude that the factory workers played a big role in participant observation. As old shoe factory workers, the drag business was not in there known societal norms. By observing and becoming a participant in the shift of the factory, they start to gain an in 'depth understanding of the drag queen culture and industry.

Quote: Lola: " You change the world when you change your mind"

This quote describes lola explaining to the factory workers that in order to understand, they must allow themselves to be involved and give themselves the oppotunity to change there own minds.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/20/2023 12:10:16
Subject: attention, intention and resonance
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope those who feel they are floundering should come and see me next week during class time and office hours. It is best to first confirm by email.. 

Reminder: From November 1st we go completely online.

I contemplate your postings 24/7. My letters are in response to fishbowl happenings. You are experiencing a shift in the way you “attend" to things, aka an attentional shift. 

You are beginning the process of learning to control attention by examining how attention works.You are focused on what resonates with you and not fulfilling any external criteria. Your postings depict this “resonance" because of their authenticity and truthfulness. Please see Jacqueline Morley’s deconstructions and felt experiences.

You are “mindful" by looking at your carefully selected words as symbols. You are immersed in the process of metacognition. Please google. Metacognition is intentional thinking about how you think and learn. Attention to intention is how the mind shapes the brain.

According to Howard Rheingold in his best seller Net Smart, p.5 , there are five literacies that are in the process of changing our world: 

attention, 

participation, 

collaboration, 

the critical consumption of information (aka “crap detection”), and 

network smarts.

By making Virtual Communities, Collective Intelligence and Knowledge Networks work for you in the fishbowl, you are clueing in to Creative Collaboration.

Sanjiv

FLOUNDER, LITERACY, METACOGNITION, INTENTIONAL

from the fishbowl...

jacquelinemorley

Posts: 66

Joined: Sun Sep 10, 2023 10:58 am

Contact: Contact jacquelinemorley

Re: Deconstructions and Felt Experiences

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by jacquelinemorley » Sat Oct 07, 2023 6:02 pm

9 / 27 / 2023

“virtuosity” as the 'hallmark of present-day labor

Sanjiv discusses how he views our work in the Fishbowl as our virtuosity and our labor. We are producing writing, an art, in the Fishbowl as our pursuit as students. This is our labor and the work we produce to earn compensation AKA our degree. It can be hard work at times, yet it can be easy at times. Like how an artist can suffer from artist's block, so can we. Some days it is much easier to respond in the Fishbowl than others.

Aside from the Fishbowl, virtuosity is becoming a staple of present-day labor as our society has advanced. We were once accustomed to careers of manual, noncreative labor, but now it is very common for someone to have a job in the arts.

Top

jacquelinemorley

Posts: 66

Joined: Sun Sep 10, 2023 10:58 am

Contact: Contact jacquelinemorley

Re: Deconstructions and Felt Experiences

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by jacquelinemorley » Sun Oct 08, 2023 1:49 pm

10 / 3 / 2023 Letter

"We are at an inflection (metaphor) in our trajectory (metaphor) of learning"

I deconstruct this sentence by beginning with inflection. An inflection is a change, a significant point. In mathematics, we recognize it as the point where a parabola changes from increasing to decreasing, an inflection point. I, then, move to trajectory of learning. We are on a journey of learning and we have been since we were born. We will be lifelong learners, whether we plan to stay in school or not, as we learn new things everyday from other people and the environment around us. The Fishbowl and this class marks a change in our learning journey, so far. We are practicing a different way of learning that involves words and our own thought processes. This change has effected our learning trajectory and will influence how we approach learning from now on. It makes us think more critically and to let go of rigidity, which can impede our learning.

Top

jacquelinemorley

Posts: 66

Joined: Sun Sep 10, 2023 10:58 am

Contact: Contact jacquelinemorley

Re: Deconstructions and Felt Experiences

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by jacquelinemorley » Sun Oct 08, 2023 2:18 pm

10 / 5 / 2023

"Immaterial and cybernetic labor"

The labor we produce in the Fishbowl is both immaterial and cybernetic. It is immaterial in the way that it is purely our thought processes. While we are posting material writings, the labor put into those writings is purely immaterial. We can not put create physical entity based on the way that we think. How we think, how our minds operate, is invisible to the eye, yet it is our most powerful act of labor. Cybernetics is the study of automatic control and communication functions in both living organisms and mechanical and electronic systems. Our brains and the computers we type on are both cybernetics. Our brains function in amazing ways that we do not even realize. It performs in the same remarkable capacities as a computer. The work we post in the Fishbowl is a result of our immaterial and cybernetic labor.

Top

jacquelinemorley

Posts: 66

Joined: Sun Sep 10, 2023 10:58 am

Contact: Contact jacquelinemorley

Re: Deconstructions and Felt Experiences

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by jacquelinemorley » Sun Oct 08, 2023 2:54 pm

10 / 8 / 2023 Letter

"How" replaced by "Why"

In the realm of positivist methodology, we are analyzing the question of "How". How does this happen? How did this come to be? How do we change this? However, in the Fishbowl, we are practicing interpretivist methodology and asking "Why". Why does this happen? Why did this come to be? Why do we want to change this? These questions of why make us think more in-depth, rather than just the surface level how which may just describe observable attributes. We can only answer these "why" questions by listening, researching, and communicating. The why questions may take more though, but they answer so much about the human experience.

Top

jacquelinemorley

Posts: 66

Joined: Sun Sep 10, 2023 10:58 am

Contact: Contact jacquelinemorley

Re: Deconstructions and Felt Experiences

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by jacquelinemorley » Tue Oct 17, 2023 1:30 pm

Felt Experiences in Relation to Moonrise Kingdom

This movie was one that I have wanted to see for awhile, but have not had the chance. The story is very heartwarming and I love how it is told from an adolescent perspective with no embellishment or filter. I also liked how a lot of the film was shot in Rhode Island and I recognized many of the shots! Below I will delve into some spoken sentences in the movie and describe how I relate to them through my own experiences.

1. “You know, you shouldn’t be friends with him."

"Why not?"

"Because he’s crazy."

"Maybe you just don’t know him.”

This conversation between Suzy and one of the scouts that finds her and Sam together reminded me of experiences I have had in the past. Suzy is being ridiculed for being friends with Sam because the other scouts think he is weird. I can remember having friends that people thought were "a little weird" just because they did not fit in to the societal norms or because they were just following how everyone else thought. The scouts have a very hive mindset and one of the boys even tells Sam that he doesn't like him because no one else did. As Suzy says, I do not think it is fair for people to judge people without even knowing them. People are so much more than what they present to the world and once you get to know them, you might realize just how similar you are, even if they are perceived as different.

2. “I wanna go on adventures I think. I don’t want to be stuck in one place.”

After they run away, Sam asks Suzy what she wants to be when she grows up. She doesn't necessarily answer the question, but says that she wants to go on adventures and leave the little island they live on. I relate to Suzy as I also would like to leave the place where I am from, travel the world more, and never be stuck in one place forever. While I love Rhode Island, it can get isolating and boring after living here my entire life. I am excited to live somewhere new after I graduate and I hope it is in a city. I also hope that my future career is possibly with an international company where I can travel while doing the work that I love.

3. “I love you, but you don’t know what you’re talking about.”

While they are sitting and talking on the rock, Suzy tells Sam that she wishes she were an orphan like him and Sam respectfully replies that she has no clue what she is saying. While I am not an orphan, I relate to this conversation because I felt the same way as Sam before. I am half Filipina and one thing I struggled with when I was little was my tan skin compared to my white friends. As I have grown up, I have learned to love it, but when a friend says that they wish they had tan skin, I think about the insecurities that it used to bring me. If a friend says this to me, I still love them, they just do not understand the other weights that come along with being a little different.

4. “I hate you."

"Don’t say hate."

"Why not? I mean it."

"You think you mean it in this moment. You’re trying to hurt me."

"Exactly.”

After Suzy is found with Sam and brought home, her mom is washing her in the bathtub and they have this conversation. Suzy has issues with her parents and her parents consider her to be a troubled child, so it is not out of character for Suzy to say she hates her mom. I have felt just as Suzy does in this moment before. Sometimes we say we hate something or someone when we do not truly "hate" as hate is a very strong word. I am sure there was a time when I was a younger, moody teen that I told someone I loved that I hated them just to get my feelings across. In this personal scenario and in the movie, hate is being used to hurt the person we are talking to. One of my favorites parts about this movie is that it is an unfiltered child's perspective. The way Suzy communicates with her family and Sam is so literal and I like how she admits to her mom that she is just saying she hates her to hurt her. I found many instances in the film where the younger characters say things that I think many adults wish they could say.

5. “What’s your rush?"

"You’ve got your whole life in front of yourself.”

This sentence is spoken after Sam is taken in by the police chief and they are talking at the dinner table. Throughout the film, Sam is very adamant on running off with Suzy and the police chief is telling him to slow down. At just 12 years old, Sam has so much more to experience and learn and should not be tied down to one person or idea just yet. I can relate to this as I have had many people tell me to slow down before. I find that I can sometimes work a lot or move onto the next thing very fast and I forget to slow down. At only 21 years old, I have many years ahead of me to meet new people and develop my career and that is something I tend to forget.

Top

jacquelinemorley

Posts: 66

Joined: Sun Sep 10, 2023 10:58 am

Contact: Contact jacquelinemorley

Re: Deconstructions and Felt Experiences

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by jacquelinemorley » Thu Oct 19, 2023 1:14 pm

10 / 15 / 2023 Letter

Recognizing Cultural Differences through Participant Observation

When considering cultural differences between myself and my friends, one of the things I think of is cleanliness. I grew up in a household where I was taught to be clean and organized and that has translated into my life as an adult. I make my bed every morning, always ensure my space is organized, and clean up after myself when I cook or shower. My habits were most definitely shaped by my culture growing up. I grew up with a large family so it was essential to clean up after ourselves to make sure no messes piled up. Additionally, my father who was in the military enforced these rules as he learned to be very clean and organized in the Navy. I recognize that I have these cultural differences between friends when they are not so clean or quick to tidy up their messes. I do not blame them for this and I hold no hard feelings because I know that it is due to our upbringings and how our culture conditioned us to act.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/19/2023 21:19:59
Subject: defining culture
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well.

Please bear in mind, when you make the slightest of gestures in the fishbowl, I am happy to bump up your grade.

The fishbowl is structured to make it possible for you to get more than Just-a-B.

"Culture” has been defined by Gurus in different ways over the years. In 1871 E. Taylor defined it as a 'complex whole.'

For our purposes, we are going with the definition of Geert Hofstede (please google): "culture is the collective programming of the mind which distinguishes the members of one human group from another.” 

The most widely known research in the attempt to compare cultures in terms of 'broad value differences' is the pioneering work of Hofstede.

Values, according to Hofstede’s definition, are ‘a broad tendency to prefer certain states of affairs over others.’ 

These differences in preferences, or values, have important implications for managers and organizations operating across cultural borders and mental constructs.

Keeping this in mind, please deconstruct three texts from the Japanese Story and infuse your own reflections and experience.

Japanese Story

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1i8tHB8ID0D9-0JAQsNAjnLaxGifSOvPT/view?usp=sharing

Sanjiv

COLLECTIVE, PROGRAMMING, MENTAL, CONSTRUCT, VALUE, PREFERENCE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/8/2023 12:14:23
Subject: thinking about culture
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well and tuned to your learning channel.

In the fishbowl, we are developing a society and a culture that cannot be verified by quantifiable, observable information, nor possible under scientifically controlled conditions. 

This is because we are evoking statements (text and images) regarding human subjectivity, intentionality and meaning which are “passed over in silence” and excluded from the ‘Positivist’s' (please google) domain.

Interpretive interactionism is founded on the study, expression, and interpretation of subjective human experience. 

The interpretive perspective is deliberately nonscientific and nonpositivistic. The search for causal “whys,” causal paths, causal chains, and causal antecedents is detrimental to the study and understanding of directly lived experience.

The “why” question is replaced by the “how” question. That is, how is social and cultural experience, or a sequence of social interaction organized, perceived and constructed by differentially wide-awake, self-reflective, socially constrained, free individuals? How, then, NOT why. 

To address the above question, we will watch the following films, from an interpretive perspective. 

Moonrise Kingdom (American system of values), 

Japanese Story (Australia/Japan), 

Outsourced (India/America) and 

Iron & Silk (China/America).

Culture (please google) as a concept is central in anthropology, encompassing the range of phenomena that are transmitted through social learning in human societies. The immaterial aspects of culture such as principles of social organization, mythology, philosophy, literature (both written and oral) and science comprise the intangible cultural heritage of a society. 

It is the intangible cultural heritage of America that we will look for when watching Wes Anderson’s movie, Moonrise Kingdom.

From the attached film (90mts), please pull our 5 sentences spoken in the film. Please relate and describe a felt-experience from your past or present to each sentence.

Sanjiv

PERSPECTIVE, SUBJECTIVE, EXPERIENCE, RELATE, DESCRIBE

att/

Moonrise Kingdom

ttps://drive.google.com/file/d/1j89wik5UPQcN_IA5XJ_R78qmUmzV_DlZ/view?usp=sharing

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/6/2023 2:04:18
Subject: interpretivism
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I want to talk about culture (MGT448) and creativity (MGT345). Before I do so, I want to reiterate that we’re at an inflection on our learning trajectory, but we will never lose sight of Process and Practice. They are both constant companions, whom we observe and interpret all the time. 

Please google Interpretivism.

Interpretivism is based on the assumption that reality (of the fishbowl) is subjective, multiple and socially constructed. That is to say, we can only understand someone's reality through their experience of that reality, which may be different from another person's shaped by one's historical or social perspective.

Interpretive research is a research paradigm that is based on the assumption that social reality (like your fishbowl) is not objective, but is rather shaped by your personal experiences and social contexts.

As Interpretivists, we seek out subjective meanings and interpretations as our main source of knowledge. Positivists (please google) tend to prefer quantitative research methods (such as social surveys), while interpretivists prefer qualitative research methods (such as in-depth interviews). Please see Lauren Joseph’s postings as an example of interpretivism.

Sanjiv

ASSUMPTION, SOCIAL, REALITY, SUBJECTIVE, SOURCE, KNOWLEDGE, INTERPRETATION

from the fishbowl...

laurenjoseph

Posts: 24

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 10:50 am

Contact: Contact laurenjoseph

Google Searches

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by laurenjoseph » Mon Sep 11, 2023 5:55 pm

Google Search 1

Denkbild is a form of writing that is poetic. It combines numerous components like "literary, philosophical, political, and cultural insights."

I find that thought images contain these very same combinations which is what makes the ways we think and act individualized. Everything in life has meaning. Whether it is predicted or unexpected, every experience has a purpose in life, similar to the literary devices used in a novel.

laurenjoseph

Posts: 24

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 10:50 am

Contact: Contact laurenjoseph

Re: Google Searches

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by laurenjoseph » Mon Sep 18, 2023 12:47 pm

9/18 Google Search 2

structuralists - a mode of knowledge of nature and human life that is interested in relationships rather than individual objects

post-structuralists - the belief that individual values are taken from their "milieu" and the common meanings of a group of individuals

phenomenologists - those who study objectivity

Deconstruction:

relationships - the way people are connected through behaviors

milieu - a person's social environment which ultimately reflects how one behaves, dresses, etc.

objectivity - a position with no influence or bias towards a particular side of

bountiful - large quantity

structure - arrangement of something in a particular way, pattern

Reconstruction:

With a focus on society and culture, humans as a whole are influenced by their relationships. Focusing on the behaviors of people and their social environment truly puts forth how society is structured. One's environment influences one's societal norms. There is a natural bias that lies in society. Relationships are interwoven by identities and are what tie together similar and different identities. They are what bring us together. I believe that society continues this way due to how one is brought up or even how school systems have engrained certain ways to behave in life. To look beyond the structure that we all subconsciously live our lives and relationships, there is a possibility to live in a way of objectivity.

Personally, I try and ground myself when I feel as though I let subconscious bias overcome relationships in my life. The practice of objectivity opens up the possibility of a variety of relationships in life rather than just within my personal "milieu." In addition, my life is centered around structure. My personal milieu has constructed my way of thinking and learning. I think that is why I started off confused by the fishbowl. But letting go of structure and looking into the value of words will broaden my ability to learn.

laurenjoseph

Posts: 24

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 10:50 am

Contact: Contact laurenjoseph

Re: Google Searches

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by laurenjoseph » Mon Sep 18, 2023 4:15 pm

9/18 Storytelling that Moves People

"McKee argues that stories “fulfill a profound human need to grasp the patterns of living—not merely as an intellectual exercise, but within a very personal, emotional experience.”

Deconstruction:

fulfill - bring to completion or reality

pattern - an example for others to follow

intellectual - one with reasoning and understanding objectively to abstract or academic matters

personal - belonging to a particular person

emotional- relating to a person's emotions

Reconstruction:

Director Robert McKee explains how storytelling is how humans can emotionally connect to visualized life experiences. Storytelling, a very visual way to describe a real or imaginary story, is one of the most effective ways humans can emotionally connect. Emotions are what inspires a human's actions and ways of thinking, and storytelling is the connection between merely a story and a personal connection.

In my personal life, I have found that storytelling is how I can see myself in other's shoes. Especially in TV shows or movies, they allow my brain to visualize what the characters are feeling and experiencing. Storytelling is another way to experience.

laurenjoseph

Posts: 24

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 10:50 am

Contact: Contact laurenjoseph

Re: Google Searches

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by laurenjoseph » Tue Sep 19, 2023 12:27 pm

9/19 Kinky Boots

Social Constructivism - theory of knowledge of biological characteristics such as race, gender, etc. The social constructs in society are the immediate thoughts one thinks when they visualize a certain person or think.

Symbolic Interactionism - viewing society as composed of symbols that people use to establish meaning, develop views about the world, and communicate with one another. For example, a heart means love.

Reflexivity - Someone being able to understand their own feelings. Full consciousness of one's morals and thoughts

Kinky Boots tackles gender norms. There is symbolism in the different shoes that are shown in the movie. The classic black dress shoes that Charlie and his family made, represent the symbolic interactionism of the stereotypical man. The red thigh-high “Kinky boots'' represent the LGBTQ+ community. They defy the social norms when a man wears red boots instead of the typical black dress shoes. I find it interesting how long it took Charlie to have this vision because his life was surrounded by the social construct in the world around him such as his father’s company that he built. It wasn't until Lauren planted the seed of innovation into Charlie's brain that he defied the social construct norms.

In addition, when Charlie puts on the red boots in Milan, Charlie overcomes the social constructivism of a “typical male” wearing women-like boots. I believe that Lola embodies reflexivity, and she is the one to serve as the catalyst that represents one of the anti-social constructive groups in society. She stays true to herself and chooses to continue her drag shows despite it being outside social norms of a man dressing as a woman.

I find this movie inspiring because it emphasizes inclusion. It also represents how businesses need to broaden their market to ALL types of customers. Businesses can especially thrive if they cater to a more niche market, such as drag queens. I think it is a genius marketing tactic and also a heart-warming movie that stresses inclusion and the defying of social constructs.

laurenjoseph

Posts: 24

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 10:50 am

Contact: Contact laurenjoseph

Re: Google Searches

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by laurenjoseph » Tue Sep 19, 2023 12:54 pm

9/19 The Dance of Alterity

To Be Two:

" For Irigaray, the notion of the individual is twinned with a reconceived notion of difference, or alterity...Yet at the same time, she enriches her discussion with an attempt to bring the elements--earth, fire, water--into philosophical discourse. Even the polarities of heaven and earth come to play in this ambitious and provocative text."

Deconstruction:

reconceived - to create an idea again in a different way

notion - a conception or belief

difference - a point or way something isn't the same

philosophical - the study of fundamental nature of knowledge, reality, and existence

discourse - written or spoken communication or debate

polarities - differences on each end

alterity - the state of being different

Reconstruction:

Irigaray's novel appears to celebrate the nature of differences in our society. Simple natural opposites like natural elements seem to be the examples the author uses to express the differences found in human nature as well. I find this novel topic interesting as it seems to celebrate the differences in our society. Rather than rejecting differences, we should embrace them. This is where alterity comes into play. The "dance of alterity" is always present in or world. This concept can be brought into my own life. Instead of only talking to people I know or similar to my interests or ways of life, I need to expand my social group to others who live life in slightly different ways. It is refreshing when I meet people with different interests/beliefs than me for it allows me to see life in a new light. Living life on one path can be boring. Rather, taking a new path and discovering new lights can be rewarding to the mind and soul.

laurenjoseph

Posts: 24

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 10:50 am

Contact: Contact laurenjoseph

Re: Google Searches

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by laurenjoseph » Thu Sep 21, 2023 11:54 am

9/21 Evidence of Learning

"Forms of modern life may differ in quite a few respects – but what unites them all is precisely their fragility, temporariness, vulnerability and inclination to constant change. To ‘be modern’ means to modernize – compulsively, obsessively; not so much just ‘to be’, let alone to keep its identity intact, but forever ‘becoming’, avoiding completion, staying underdefined. Each new structure which replaces the previous one as soon as it is declared old-fashioned and past its use-by date is only another momentary settlement – acknowledged as temporary and ‘until further notice’."

"Starting out with reflecting on how literature functions as a medium of interaction between the context from which it emerges, and a reader who makes the literature concrete, Iser contributed to the development of literary theory by turning literature itself into a mode of reflection."

Deconstruction:

fragility - the quality of being easily broken or damaged

temporariness - state of lasting or being intended to last for a short time

change - to make different

identity - the fact of being who or what a person or thing is

underdefined - inadequately defined

replace - to take the place of

reflection - serious thought or consideration

Reconstruction:

Bauman explains in his novel the fluidity of the modern state. It is a constant state of change because something will always be new and then naturally become old. It is the nature in everything. I can visualize this theory in real life. For example, fashion trends are always changing. A shirt I used to wear last year I would likely never want to wear again. It is an unfortunate but also interesting cycle that everything in life is always changing.

Relating to Wolfgang Iser, he focused on the concept of reflection. The concepts in literature are written but also are subject to reflection within the reader's mind. This reflection can be subject to the readers interpretation and their own beliefs and values.

laurenjoseph

Posts: 24

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 10:50 am

Contact: Contact laurenjoseph

Re: Google Searches

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by laurenjoseph » Mon Sep 25, 2023 6:41 pm

9/25:

"Mindfulness is the basic human ability to be present, aware of where we are and what we are doing, and not excessively reactive or overwhelmed by what is going on around us"

"Cybercultures: a set of shared attitudes, practices, and goals, associated with the world of computers and the Internet"

Deconstruction:

ability - possession of the means or skill to do something

present - existing or occurring now

aware - having knowledge or perception of a situation or fact

reactive - showing a response to a stimulus

overwhelmed - buried or drowned beneath a huge mass

attitudes - a settled way of thinking or feeling about someone or something typically reflecting one's behavior

practices - the actual application or use of an idea, belief, or method, as opposed to theories relating to it

goals - the object of a person's ambition or effort; an aim or desired result

Reconstruction:

The two concepts of mindfulness and cybercultures I find to be opposites. Unfortunately in the world we live in today, cybercultures share attitudes of being overly reactive. Social media users tend to believe the first thing they hear and spread a sort of hysteria across platforms over certain topics like news for example. However, I do find platforms trying to stray away from this overly reactive reaction and practice more mindfulness. I personally read articles and listen to podcasts that help me practice mindfulness and living in the moment. I think it is something valuable to learn and I think more of society needs to adopt this mindset.

References:

https://extension.psu.edu/mindfull-or-mindful

https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/cyberculture

Cyber Culture

laurenjoseph

Posts: 24

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 10:50 am

Contact: Contact laurenjoseph

Re: Google Searches

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by laurenjoseph » Thu Sep 28, 2023 11:26 am

9/28 Immaterial Labor

"The concept of immaterial labor refers to two different aspects of labor. On the one hand, as regards the "informational content" of the commodity, it refers directly to the changes taking place in workers' labor processes in big companies in the industrial and tertiary sectors, where the skills involved in direct labor are increasingly skills involving cybernetics and computer control (and horizontal and vertical communication). On the other hand, as regards the activity that produces the "cultural content" of the commodity, immaterial labor involves a series of activities that are not normally recognized as "work" — in other words, the kinds of activities involved in defining and fixing cultural and artistic standards, fashions, tastes, consumer norms, and, more strategically, public opinion."

Deconstruction:

immaterial - unimportant under the circumstances, irrelevant

commodity - raw material or primary agricultural project that can be bought and sold

processes - series of actions taken in order to achieve a particular end

industrial - relating to industry, very great in amount

skills - ability to use one's knowledge effectively

cultural - relating to the ideas, customs, and social behavior of society

work - to keep in motion of the operation

standards - level of quality or attainment

Reconstruction:

Maurizio Lazzarato's concept is very interesting, especially in today's modern-day age. There's the more typical work of producing certain goods or services in the economy. But then there is also intellectual labor or in today's society: computers. Jobs involving computers is a different form of performing traditional labor and have become a primary focus in many careers nowadays. Now there are majors involving computers and data analytics. Immaterial labor stems beyond just physical labor. It involves more mental skills such as analyzing and problem solving, all key skills that are useful in the economy.

https://www.e-flux.com/legacy/2013/05/2.-Maurizio-Lazzarato-Immaterial-Labor.pdf?b8c429

laurenjoseph

Posts: 24

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 10:50 am

Contact: Contact laurenjoseph

Re: Google Searches

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by laurenjoseph » Thu Sep 28, 2023 12:46 pm

9/28 Portraying Virtuosity

"Hobbes, who detested the notion of multitude, defined it as shunning political unity, resisting authority, and never entering into lasting agreements. "When they rebel against the state," Hobbes wrote, "the citizens are the multitude against the people." But the multitude isn't just a negative notion, it is a rich concept that allows us to examine new plural experiences and forms of nonrepresentative democracy. Drawing from philosophy of language, political economics, and ethics, Virno shows that being foreign, "not-feeling-at-home-anywhere," is a condition that forces the multitude to place its trust in the intellect. In conclusion, Virno suggests that the metamorphosis of the social systems in the West during the last twenty years is leading to a paradoxical "Communism of the Capital."

"Guy Debord was a rebel, philosopher, and filmmaker. Arch-critic of consumerism and theorist of “the spectacle”. He was one of France’s greatest and most original intellectuals. Today, Debord appears as a prophet of our image-saturated hyper-digital consumer culture. Critically, he highlighted that our descent into a world “mediated by images” corresponds with the production of mass social alienation."

Deconstruction:

authority - the power or right to give orders

notion - conception of or belief about something

plural - denoting more than one

nonrepresentative - not serving as typical

metamorphosis - the process of transformation from an immature form to an adult form

consumer - person who purchases goods and services for personal use

mediated - intervene between people in a dispute in order to bring to agreement

alienation - state of being isolated from a group

Reconstruction:

There is beauty in the mental work that is done. Rather than a commodity, the book "A Grammar of the Multitude" celebrates the different types of work outside the typical physical labor that has dominated our culture for years. I'm coming to understand the connection between the concept of immaterial labor as Guy Debord explains how the world is "mediated by images." It is the works of art and media that truly express individuals and shape our society. And this has become even more relevant in our world surrounded by social media.

https://mitpress.mit.edu/9781584350217/a-grammar-of-the-multitude/

https://www.thecollector.com/who-was-philosopher-guy-debord/

laurenjoseph

Posts: 24

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 10:50 am

Contact: Contact laurenjoseph

Re: Google Searches

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

post by laurenjoseph » Thu Oct 05, 2023 11:19 am

"In opposition to most literature on how to conduct good social science research which is either empirically oriented or gives priority to theoretical and philosophical considerations, which tends to make empirical research look odd or irrelevant, this volume on 'Reflexive Methodology' explicitly turns towards a consideration of the perceptual, cognitive, theoretical, linguistic, political and cultural circumstances as backdrop of data interpretation and research design. It showed up to be the most important and informative resource and a source of enlightenment to my lecture on methodology at our institute. I can highly recommend the volume to lecturers and students alike."

Deconstruction:

philosophical - the study of knowledge

theoretical - concerned with an area of study

reflexive - always holding between a term and itself

methodology - system of methods used in a particular area of study or activity

Reconstruction:

Reflexive methodology is a more aware perception of the study. It focuses on the importance of self-reflection in the field of research. Human influence is very apparent when it comes to viewing the world and understanding one's own influence on research and ways of life is key to understanding human nature and concepts in life.

https://uk.sagepub.com/en-gb/eur/reflexive-methodology/book250864

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/5/2023 15:08:01
Subject: some thoughts and images about your process and practice
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well.

Some thoughts and images about your process and practice in the fishbowl...

Your fishbowl is a kind of laboratory for testing the effects of new ideas, strategies, and organizations. You have constituted a laboratory for experimentation in new forms of thinking that help us conceive radical practices in our times.

Scrolling myriad and manifold postings, I felt and experienced leafing a magazine (metaphor), where every space contains thought-images; the literary genre of the Denkbild.

In your postings under Vocabulary, I saw the discipline required in eating vegetables regularly. Your repeated attention to words, symbols and images shows the strength in slowing down and focusing on a task. For instance, repeatedly she paused, turned around and asked: what did you mean by that?

Your Google search reveals your choice for developing trajectories of thoughts and images...

Deconstructions and reconstructions and felt-experiences made for innovative structures. Your process (sort, sift, select and substitute) was simple, straight forward and flexible. 

You have emerged as part of a collective practice. You are experimenting together in new democratic forms of social organization in horizontal, nonhierarchical networks, You are moving toward new forms of production that involve more immaterial and cybernetic (please google) of labor, flexible and precarious networks of exchange, and commodities increasingly defined in terms of culture and media.

Sanjiv

MYRIAD, MANIFOLD, COLLECTIVE, EXPERIMENT, LABORATORY, PRECARIOUS, NETWORK, DEVELOP, CULTURE, MEDIA

from the fishbowl...

amydoran

Posts: 18

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 12:31 pm

Re: Doran- Google Search

post by amydoran » Thu Oct 05, 2023 8:21 am

Attention Economy and the Society of the Spectacle

Deconstruction and thoughts on The Society of the Spectacle

The Society of the Spectacle was written in 1967 by author Guy Debord. A description from the foreword of the book describes The Society of the Spectacle as follows, “In this book, Debord describes and critiques the way we live. The power of these ideas lies in their ability to question, identify, and name the common assumptions of the present.” Debord termed the phrase “the spectacle” as a way to look at society as a whole. In the very beginning of the book Debord writes, “In post-industrial societies where mass production and media predominate, life is presented as an immense accumulation of spectacles. Everything that was directly experienced has been replaced with its representation in the form of images.” What this means to me is that in today's society, everything you can think of- events, people, conversations, scenery- can all be depicted into images or a cinematic art. If we look into the spectacle ourselves, we see the world as we ourselves uniquely view it. The image attached to the letter with many people sitting down with glasses on, I assume they are watching a 3D movie at a theater. This is an interesting take on the spectacle because when watching a 3D movie, if you take your glasses off you see one thing, and if you put them on, you see a completely different image. This is also true with our perspective on society. If we take our metaphorical glasses off, we are blind to many things going on around us in society.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/4/2023 12:50:19
Subject: things you missed...
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you enjoy this beautiful day.

Things you missed in class the other day...

I have been watching the fishbowl...

I have been developing a growing list of around 30 names

for co-authorship

they are everywhere and all over the place in the fishbowl with their complex ideas

the list is developing and growing

this list has nothing to do with your grade

it is for the conference INTED24 (please google)

where we will submit our process and practice described in our Position Statement (please read in Letters) in 3500 words, 

and a second one before the deadline

There is much one learns from your postings. Some things may appear obscure and difficult to wrap one's head around them. But one must maintain an awareness that these things co- exist. Please see Michelle Hanna’s posting below.

Sanjiv

WATCH, DEVELOP, GROW, OBSCURE, POSITION, MAINTAIN, AWARENESS

from the fishbowl...

michellehanna

Posts: 43

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 11:36 am

Re: Letter 20

Post by michellehanna » Tue Oct 03, 2023 11:47 pm

**Letter 20 - 10/3**

"The focus of procedures and techniques implies an imitation of the quantitative methodology textbooks, and draws attention away from fundamental problems associated with such things as the role of language, interpretation and selectivity in research work, thus underrating the need for reflection" (Reflexive Methodology by Mats Alvesson and Kaj Skoldberg).

Deconstruction

Imitation: the action of using someone or something as a model; a thing intended to simulate or copy something else

Quantitative: relating to, measuring, or measured by the quantity of something rather than its quality

Methodology: a system of methods used in a particular area of study or activity

Attention: Notice taken of someone or something; the action of dealing with or taking special care of someone or something

Fundamental: forming a necessary base or core; a central or primary rule or principle on which something is based

Associated: connected or amalgamated with another company or companies; joined together often in a working relationship

Role: the function assumed or part played by a person or thing in a particular situation

Interpretation: the action of explaining the meaning of something; an explanation or way of explaining

Selectivity: the quality of carefully choosing someone or something as the best or most suitable; the property of affecting some things and not others

Underrating: not rated or valued highly enough

Reflection: serious thought or consideration

Reconstruction

This quote from Alvesson and Skoldberg's book explains that focusing on discrete methods diminishes the sense of ambiguity, curiosity, and thought in the world. The common use of indisputable or incontrovertible information lessens ones understanding of the need to reflect and take moments of serious thought or consideration which is often necessary for life's obstacles.

This quote allows me to reflect on a time in the past where I was extremely reliant on technology and outside knowledge. My second year at URI, in my applied calculus course, I was extremely reliant on the textbook along with the example problems that came with it. These sample problems also had an answer key which included steps on how to solve each of the problem's. I relied on this answer key to reinforce my learning and teach my self the steps needed to reach a specific conclusion. It wasn't until one chapter of the required material did not include any sample problems or answer keys, instead, my teacher created her own example. At first, I began to stress and had no idea how the assignment could be done without any explanation. I began to reflect on past units and apply my previous knowledge on the subject to the material and brainstorm. After much deliberation, I managed to craft a formula that gave me the right answer and worked for me. The next time that our class met, our teacher gave us an answer key that she had created. The answer key had a different formula that seemed more difficult to understand. This relates to the quote from 'Reflexive Methodology' in the sense that procedures repress one's critical thinking abilities. Ambiguity is necessary for creativity, and therefore, learning.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/3/2023 10:18:54
Subject: reflexive methodology: interpretations and thought-images
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. Thus far we have been figuring out (constructing meaning about) the process and practice of being in a fishbowl. In other words, posting a particular ‘way' in public space. 

We have theorized about this ‘way' and accomplished it; and, we ‘reflexively' learnt from our experience. (Please google Reflexive Methodology by Mats Alvesson and Kaj Skoldberg).

Please see Grace Daddio’s reflections in the fishbowl.

While process and practice are forever ongoing, we are at an inflection (metaphor) in our trajectory (metaphor) of learning and constructing meaning in the fishbowl. I will be introducing two streams of thought: creativity and culture. So please stay tuned.

But first, I want to congratulate you in this letter. Few outside your fishbowl walls have the opportunity to experience the kind of environment you have created, where the new is manifest in every posting, where paradigms are continually stretched and challenged, and where surprise and repetition flourish side by side. Please verify this. 

Sanjiv

WAY, THEORIZE, INFLECTION, MANIFEST, PARADIGM, ACCESSIBLE

from the fishbowl...

gracedaddio

Posts: 38

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 11:15 am

Daddio Google Search, Deconstruction & Felt Experiences

Post by gracedaddio » Tue Sep 12, 2023 1:37 pm

Letter 1

Manuel DeLanda is a Mexican-American writer, artist, and philosopher. Regarding his text, "A New Philosophy of Society", this sentence stood out to me most.

"Since most social entities, from small communities to large nation-states, would disappear altogether if human minds ceased to exist, Delanda proposes a novel approach to social ontology that asserts the autonomy of social entities from the conceptions we have of them".

I find this phrase very fascinating and after further deconstructing it, I agree that without the social interactions and thought process of human beings, regardless of development areas on the globe, taking time to study and decipher the study of nature and properties of the social world, furthering the disconnect and negative effect of the ability to maintain interpersonal relationships and behave appropriately(various social contexts). I teach URI 101 and I do that because I enjoy learning new things from different individuals and it gives myself the opportunity to be in a space to immerse myself into different cultures, ideas, thoughts, and processes.

Last edited by gracedaddio on Mon Sep 18, 2023 10:08 am, edited 1 time in total.

gracedaddio

Posts: 38

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 11:15 am

Re: Daddio Google Search, Deconstruction & Felt Experiences

Post by gracedaddio » Tue Sep 12, 2023 2:09 pm

Letter 2

"They are one person's unique interpretation of an idea and their own thoughts, feelings, and background". This quote is referring to the concept of subjective thinking. When I read this phrase I thought of the concept of a college essay. Everyone is provided a handful of general prompts and is expected to subjective think and stand out to receive a college acceptance. I remember being so nervous writing my essay since I did not want to blend into the sea of applications, which in retrospect is impossible since we all have different unique experiences viewed in different ways. I wrote about a family tradition with the women on my mom's side of the family, if any of them wrote about it, even though it is the sam experience, we would all view it in our own unique ways.

Last edited by gracedaddio on Mon Sep 18, 2023 10:09 am, edited 1 time in total.

gracedaddio

Posts: 38

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 11:15 am

Re: Daddio Google Search, Deconstruction, & Felt Experiences

Post by gracedaddio » Wed Sep 13, 2023 12:59 pm

Letter 3

In regards to Derrida and his deconstruction theory, this quote resonates with me, "In particular, the theme of responsibility to the other (for example, God or a beloved person) leads Derrida to leave the idea that responsibility is associated with a behavior publicly and rationally justifiable by general principles". After rereading this sentence, all I could think about was social psychology (a class I am currently enrolled in) and how situations affect how individuals act. There have been studies done, testing the behavior of those publicly vs alone, having an individual endure some sort of pain in front of a friend, partner, group etc and then alone. You are able to see that some individuals will have a larger reaction in front others while some do not. This ties into Derrida since psychology is grounded in ethics and perspective determines what is rationally justifiable or not.

Last edited by gracedaddio on Mon Sep 18, 2023 10:09 am, edited 1 time in total.

gracedaddio

Posts: 38

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 11:15 am

Re: Daddio Google Search, Deconstruction & Felt Experiences

Post by gracedaddio » Wed Sep 13, 2023 1:11 pm

Letter 4

Denkbild

"Thought-images are ...parabolic evocations of something that cannot be said in words. They do not want to stop conceptual thought so much as to shock through their enigmatic form and thereby get thought moving, because thought in its traditional form seems rigid, conventional and outmoded."

The concept of thought images is so powerful, it makes me think of how modernized of a society we have become. I believe I was around 8 or 9 years old when I was truly introduced to technology and the concept that there was this thing called "emojis" that could represent an emotion, thought, feeling, action, or object without having to say it in words. The introduction of gifs also had that same power and now included motion and sometimes a phrase or two. Reflecting as a 21-year-old, this is such a powerful idea that most people did not understand and may still not understand to this day. Words are so influential and taking them away and using thought-images allows for perspective and overall interpretation.

Last edited by gracedaddio on Mon Sep 18, 2023 10:09 am, edited 1 time in total.

gracedaddio

Posts: 38

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 11:15 am

Re: Daddio Google Search, Deconstruction & Felt Experiences

Post by gracedaddio » Wed Sep 13, 2023 1:23 pm

Letter 4 Part 2

Joan Didion "Let Me Tell You What I Mean"

"Do not misread me: I admire objectivity very much indeed, but I fail to see how it can be achieved if the reader does not understand the writer's particular bias. For the writer to pretend that he has none lends the entire venture a mendacity that has never been infected".

We all have automatic and controllable processed within our brain, that is just simply the science of it. With automatic processes, we do endure implicit bias which can very much affect our viewpoint on certain things or concepts in life. When speaking to my students as a URI 101 mentor, I want to be as objective as possible. I have no idea where they are from, what they have experienced along the way, who they know/care about, and how my words evoke a felt experience from them. I have to have limited bias as possible in order to build connection with this diverse group of people and have them trust what is coming out of my mouth. I am well aware that bias is still present since I can look at my roster and picture what my student looks like based on what I know and experience. The important component of this is to stay that bias and learn from the outcome, without it you become stuck in a way.

gracedaddio

Posts: 38

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 11:15 am

Re: Daddio Google Search, Deconstruction & Felt Experiences

Post by gracedaddio » Thu Sep 21, 2023 11:25 am

Letter 7

1. Structuralists study how our minds make meaning through small step-by-step cognitive processes.

Structuralism can be implemented and studied at any point in someone’s life. Whether it be understanding why I use a red pen over a blue pen to write in my planner, or the steps I took to wash dishes. Everyone is unique in their own ways and each cognitive process varies.

2. Post-structuralists believe that power operates everywhere in society and reinforces unjust social disparities.

An example I found when looking into post-structuralists is having educators focus on challenging power structures by developing inclusive discourses. As a URI 101 mentor, over the years I have been trained in inclusive language and diversity in order to create a safe and welcoming environment. For example, simply using “y’all or everyone” instead of “you guys” can make an individual feel more comfortable in class. Also, using “first-year students” instead of “freshmen”, since freshmen has a negative connotation of being on the bottom of the dogpile and not being treated well by older students.

3. Phenomenologists study phenomena (a thing that exists and can be seen, felt, heard, etc) and how we experience them, also known as intentionality.

The concept of phenomenology is quite interesting since as humans there are actions we do subconsciously and some we do with intent. For myself, every morning I grab my toothbrush and toothpaste subconscious with little to no thought to it. However, as of the beginning of this week, I have to take medication for an autoimmune disorder which requires intention on my part to follow the specific instructions of when, how, and with what.

4. Social constructivism is a learning theory according to which human development is socially situated, and knowledge is constructed through interaction with others.

Social constructivism has been prevalent throughout my entire educational career, especially in college. I would say that at least 85% of my courses at URI have incorporated a group project, activity, or editing in some sort of way. This is a collaborative way of learning where we are put in social situations, interacting with individuals from different backgrounds, locations, and overall experiences to work together for a common goal. We learn from each other and use this knowledge to improve our own way of thinking.

5. Symbolic interactionism is viewing society as composed of symbols that people use to establish meaning, develop views about the world, and communicate with one another.

A great example of symbolic interactionism in my daily life would be this course structure. Each letter has symbols for us to deconstruct and decode in order to understand and develop a deeper meaning. This platform, the Fishbowl allows us to share our own unique interpretations for us to communicate with one another and our professor. Each of us can see a word or concept and have a compelled different thought process, which is the beauty of having our own interpretation to share.

6. Reflexivity is the concept of examining one’s own feelings, reactions, and motives and how these influence what they do or think in a situation.

Reflexivity is an important concept for individuals to partake in. I am a constant over-thinker, so much so it would prohibit myself from doing certain things. I decided a little while ago that I should start journaling. Journaling has allowed me to reflect on my own feelings and understand how this influences the people around me and as well as, how I act in a given situation. I now have gotten over irrational fears I have and actively make the effort to journal in order to figure out what is going on inside my brain.

gracedaddio

Posts: 38

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 11:15 am

Re: Daddio Google Search, Deconstruction & Felt Experiences

Post by gracedaddio » Thu Sep 21, 2023 11:34 am

Letter 8

Storytelling is uniting an idea with emotion, expressing how and why life changes.

When the concept of storytelling comes to mind, I think of my childhood. I had (and still do) this large fairy tales book with a crooked spine, passed down to me by my grandmother. It is filled with every original fairy tale that most people know and have heard plenty of time. I find it interesting how the article describes a good story as a display of struggle between expectation and reality in all its nastiness. This made me think of Little Red Riding Hood. Where Red had these expectations of visiting her grandmother only to be faced with the harsh reality that her grandmother was actually the Big Bad Wolf. Fairy tales are good stories, when you first read them you have this expectation of rainbows and butterflies but along the way there is a shock twist that makes you rethink the story.

gracedaddio

Posts: 38

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 11:15 am

Re: Daddio Google Search, Deconstruction & Felt Experiences

Post by gracedaddio » Thu Sep 21, 2023 11:50 am

Letter 10

"To Be Two" by Luce Irigaray

"Irigaray argues that objects of value, such as the sun or God, are typically marked with the masculine gender while less important objects are feminine. Since language and society mutually affect each other, Irigaray believes that language must change along with society".

These phrases resonated with me since their meaning is so powerful. Deconstructing the idea that God is marked with the masculine gender ties into the song by Ariana Grande, "God is a Woman". Ariana Grande challenged the preconceived notion that God is associated with male pronouns, having her fans astonished by the choice. Many religious people, mostly Christians and Catholics, thought that “God is a Woman” was disrespectful towards their beliefs and voiced their opinions on social media. People feel this way since something so powerful as God was suppose to be male since males were viewed as the more powerful and important gender. Also, how Irigaray discusses less important objects as feminine, led to the immediate thought in my mind of how people typically call her cars/boats female names. This stems to how women were viewed and treated as property. I agree with Irigaray idea that this language must change in order to see the results in society. I am glad I was exposed to her work.

gracedaddio

Posts: 38

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 11:15 am

Re: Daddio Google Search, Deconstruction & Felt Experiences

Post by gracedaddio » Thu Sep 21, 2023 12:02 pm

Letter 11

MOOC, Massive Open Online Courses are free online courses available for anyone to enroll.

The development of MOOC is so interesting to dive into and understand. Technology has grown over the years and has become more prelevant in my educational career as years have gone on. When I first thought of MOOC, I thought of the platform Khan Academy which was most of my middle school experience in each of my math classes. Khan Academy is not a MOOC provider but it was the first real experience I had with online interactive learning. I think it will be really interesting to see children who started from age 5 to 22 (typical educational career) how advanced their technology skills will be and how social constructivism comes into play.

gracedaddio

Posts: 38

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 11:15 am

Re: Daddio Google Search, Deconstruction & Felt Experiences

Post by gracedaddio » Thu Sep 21, 2023 12:26 pm

Letter 12

Liquid Modernity by Zygmunt Bauman

"To ‘be modern’ means to modernize – compulsively, obsessively; not so much just ‘to be’, let alone to keep its identity intact, but forever ‘becoming’, avoiding completion, staying underdefined."

This phrase immediately made me think of something I learned yesterday in one of my classes. In MKT 470, we did a case study on the store, IKEA. The case study outlined the beginning of the store, all the trial and error along the way, and what it is now. I.K. is the founder of IKEA and he was created heavy, dark furniture since that is what his competitors like Gunnars did always. I.K. took a trip to Milan and learned that in order to differentiate his company from others, he had to improve his product. He learned that furniture could be light, simple, and transported easily, which would appeal to his consumer base. IKEA today still holds those ideals and it fits the needs of their consumers. I.K. modernized his thought process and his overall product line, which ties into liquid modernity.

Wolfgang Iser

"He suggests that we might think of the literary work as having two poles: the 'artistic' pole is the text created by the author, and the 'aesthetic' pole refers to 'the realization accomplished by the reader''.

After re-reading this phrase, the concept of novels and their adaptations came to mind. The author/writer tells a story in their own way with carefully though out words, vivid descriptions, and characters so well-developed it took them maybe months to decide on their name. On the other hand, the reader has their own imagination, picturing what the characters look like, how scenes play out, and the emotional ties to the setting. I remember seeing a dispute regarding one of Colleen Hoover's novels. I have yet to read her books (but is on my list) but loyal readers were disappointed in the casting of the adaptation of the movie. They felt Blake Lively, as great as she is, did not fit the projection in their minds while reading the novel. As filming occurred, people were upset with the choice of other cast members and the outfits worn. The writer is the one collaborating with the film producer and director, making the artistic choices, while the viewer is upset about what aesthetically pleases their mind.

gracedaddio

Posts: 38

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 11:15 am

Re: Daddio Google Search, Deconstruction & Felt Experiences

Post by gracedaddio » Mon Sep 25, 2023 10:09 am

Letter 13

1. Being mindful is apart of the type of mediation, mindfulness. Mindfulness is when an individual focuses on being intensely aware of their own senses and feelings in the moment, without interpretation or judgment. Practicing mindfulness involves breathing methods, guided imagery, and other practices to relax the body and mind and help reduce stress.

"You don’t need to change. Solutions that ask us to change who we are or become something we’re not have failed us over and over again. Mindfulness recognizes and cultivates the best of who we are as human beings."

This phrase truly resonated with myself. In society, people are always looking to change themselves to fit into societal norms in order to present a perfect image to others around them. Growing up in a world where technology was rapidly growing and evolving, most definitely changed my mindset on how I viewed myself. As a ten year old, I did not truly understand what you looked like growing up. I thought that once you went into high school, you instantly looked like a supermodel. At the years old, I broke my teeth twice, just got braces, had a very interesting choice of style, unkempt hair, and was deemed overweight by my gymnastics coaches. Society instilled that all of these characteristics were negative and needed to be changed immediately. Looking back as a 21 year old, I was clearly just a child trying to find my way and was harmed by the unrealistic expectations of social media and that was only the beginning. I wish mindfulness was incorporated more into my educational career since everyone deserves to recognize the best qualities of themselves at any age.

2. Cyber Culture

"In the 1970s, cyberculture was the exclusive domain of a handful of technology experts, including mathematicians, computer scientists, digital enthusiasts, and academics, devoted to exchanging and promoting ideas related to the growing fields of computers and electronics. These early cybercultures sometimes advanced a view of the future guided by the progressive and beneficial hand of technological change".

When I read this phrase, I immediately though of my aunt. In the 1970s, she was a math teacher in the Longwood District on Long Island. She taught with a chalkboard, paper, and pencils. It must be so interesting for her to see the development and overall evolution of technology in the world of teaching as she further in her career. I believe she retired in the early 2000s, which is still a different world from technology we have today. I doubt that most people in the 1970s would have predicted the change in the use of and dependence on technology people experience in modern times.

gracedaddio

Posts: 38

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 11:15 am

Re: Daddio Google Search, Deconstruction & Felt Experiences

Post by gracedaddio » Mon Sep 25, 2023 10:31 am

Letter 14

Howard Rheingold, "Net Smart: How To Thrive Online"

"Rheingold is telling us that networks and social media aren’t a fad that will go away, and that we need to put into practice intelligent ways of using it in our lives and work".

When I read this phrase, I think of how dependent people have become on technology. In my MKT 470 class, technology of all sorts is not encouraged, taking notes with pen/pencil and a notebook is expected. I honestly do not mind this at all, I put my phone on do not disturb all day everyday and I prefer handwritten notes anyways. A lot of people in this class seemed annoyed with this expectation and just want to be able to use their laptop. I came home and discussed with with my roommate. She freaked out hearing my class did not allow technology and said she would not be able to take that class. I find this so interesting since I did not realize how dependent she was on technology until now. I think most people do not realize until they encounter an "obstacle" like this and just need to be near their phone, iPad, or laptop. Using technology in a more productive way can improve your overall happiness and self-esteem in my opinion. I have given myself space from social media and my phone for the past week and I do feel a shift in the way I think.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/30/2023 11:59:53
Subject: writing as doing
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well on this dreary, grey morning.

Thus far, we have understood our process in the fishbowl: Vocabulary; Google Searches; Deconstruction and Felt-experience. And we continue on this journey because it is a Never-Ending Story (please google movie). The fishbowl is the world of Fantasia and we are warriors fighting from being devoured by a malevolent force called “The Nothing.” 

In the fishbowl, our postings are gestures of spontaneous declarations regarding the selection, substitution and infusion of words. We are performing our process of writing and engaging an audience in a visual and perceptual dialog. In the here and now. 

Performative writing (please google) is a method of “writing as doing” where “writing becomes meaningful in the material, dis/continuous act of writing”. Please see Macey Sundwall’s posting below.

"The concept of performative language was first described by the philosopher John L. Austin (please google) who made a distinction between constative language, which describes the world and can be evaluated as true or false, and performative language, which does something in the world. For Austin, performative language included speech acts such as promising, declaring, swearing, betting, and performing a marriage ceremony. For instance, the utterance, “I do”—said under the right circumstances by the right speakers with the right intentions—transforms the utterer from being unmarried to being married."

Performativity is the power of language to effect change in the world: language does not simply describe the world but may instead (or also) function as a form of social action. 

Please see Michelle Hanna’s posting below on performance and virtuosity.

Sanjiv

CONSTATIVE, PERFORMANCE, WRITING, DOING, UTTERANCE, SPEECH, VISUAL, PERCEPTUAL

from the fishbowl...

I. Performative Writing

maceysundwall

Posts: 24

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 3:25 pm

Deconstruction and Felt Experiences

post by maceysundwall » Sat Sep 30, 2023 12:52 am

9/10 Letter

From my understanding of “Denkblid” and Joan Didion’s work, I feel as though Didion was such a successful writer because of her ability to put such descriptive words on paper to allow her audience to feel the emotions in her writing. She achieved this through personal reflection and character development.

I write entirely to find out what I’m thinking, what I’m looking at, what I see and what it means. What I want and what I fear. – Why I Write (essay originally published in the New York Times Book Review in 1976)

Thinking: the process of using one's mind to consider or reason about something.

Meaning: intended to communicate something that is not directly expressed.

Society resonates with Joan Didion because we are all trying to make sense of everything around us. This includes our thoughts, what we see, and the reasons for everything that happens. Thought image in a text we are reading allows us to use our imaginations to make sense of the words and ideas that an author puts together, and allows us to resonate with characters in a story. This provokes emotion and joins us together in a collective journey of understanding ourselves and the world around us.

II. Virtuosity

michellehanna

Posts: 39

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 11:36 am

Re: Letter 18

post by michellehanna » Thu Sep 28, 2023 4:13 pm

**Letter 18 - 9/27**

"Unlike traditional manufacture, say, in which labor produces a commodity, virtuosity is analogous to the performing arts in that it is an end in itself. I think of your work in that light."

Deconstruction

Traditional: existing in or as part of a tradition; produced, done, or used in accordance with tradition

Manufacture: make something on a large scale using machinery

Labor: to make great effort; the amount of physical, mental, and social effort used to produce goods and services in an economy

Commodity: a useful or valuable thing such as water or time; something that is bought and sold

Virtuosity: the quality of being extremely skilled at something

Analogous: comparable in certain respects, typically in a way which makes clearer the nature of things compared

Performing arts: forms of creating activity that are performed in front of an audience

Reconstruction

This quote from the letter compares virtuosity- something you are highly skilled at to performing arts which are comparable in certain respects. Virno highlights that they are especially similar in the sense that they all need an audience or "social cooperation" along with a common way to communicate. They can also both be considered performances because they are forms of creation that are eventually shared with a larger group. This skill is found in themselves and adds value to society.

This relates to the fishbowl in the sense that our work is of considerable virtuosity- we are writing about what stands out to us as an individual, what we can interpret and skillfully make sense of. The fishbowl is also a performance in the sense that we are sharing our thoughts and creations with a larger society- those that are active in the fishbowl.

Although technically not a form of art, explaining how to do something to someone- giving instruction is a kind of virtuosity. My cousin, who is one year younger than me, came to me for advice about applying for colleges. Not because I had been in college for so long and was knowledgable on the subject, because I was not considering I had just started my college career. She came to me because she told me she liked how I explained things to her, she understood what I was saying. In this sense, explaining is a form of virtuosity because that was something I was skilled at. I shared my understanding to my cousin in language that I knew she could easily follow which relates to the performance aspect.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/20/2023 13:42:33
Subject: ante-narrative of the fishbowl
------------------------------------------------------------
THE DEPTH

OF AN EXAMINED RELATIONSHIP

IS MATCHED

BY THE EXPANSE

OF UNDERSTANDING AND FEELING:

Management Passion in the New Millennium

Presentation

by matt & sanjiv,

of matt & sanjiv,

for matt & sanjiv.

Copyright, Letters To Matt, @dugal, 1999

Prologue

Midway, this way of life we’re bound upon

I woke to find myself in a dark wood,

Where the right road was wholly lost and gone.

Aye me, how hard to speak of it,

The rude and rough and stubborn forest,

The mere breath of memory stirs the old fear in the blood.

But when, at last, I stood beneath a steep hillside,

Which closed the valley’s wandering maze,

Whose dread had pierced me to the heart root deep.

Then I looked up and saw the morning rays

Mantle its shoulder from that planet bright

Which guides men’s feet aright

On all their ways.

(from “Divina Commedia” by Dante Alighieri)

IN THE FISH-BOWL

Creating this fish-bowl is a performative act. It is a gesture for the continuation of a story... we’re writing as we go along… we do not know where it will lead, nor where it will end…but we know this for sure, it exists in our heads.

This is the story of two characters, matt and sanjiv, and the narrative unfolds in new england, at a small university near the ocean…where they’re swimming in a mental fish-bowl, combining Western sensibilities with Eastern ideas…in tryst with purpose, but shunning all direction, except an inner pressure to radicalize. One Viking, the other Sikh, they progress from liberating ego structures, through deeply bled wounds onto downward spirals of hatred and feelings of isolation, and then returning with renewed joy of understanding, forgiveness, and anticipation. Bringing a surging heritage (of bravery in battle) in their bloods, their forays range from existential arguments, to sudden affectionate détentes, and finally onto other arguments. Their relationship mirrors the profound changes in their lifestyles, in their conceptions of work, and of themselves. Determined to move away from conventional categories (of the division between self and other, of the representation of individuality, of established academic standards) in order to reflect a vision of themselves that transcends these boundaries in a new way. The two characters have an odd volatile nature to their wooing…their interactions end suddenly, and generally with puzzled amusement. They improvise, fabricate, and talk about dimensions and chemistry between people… at times their minds almost meet on the same page, until one makes a tiny faux pas that the other sees as shattering…they’re able to maintain this fragility by improvising from moment to moment. That is, they allow themselves to let their personalities and moods influence their performance but not alter the words or circumstances of the scene they enact in their minds…they really have very different ways of thinking, but are able to pass the ball back and forth easily, making for spontaneous fun.

So how do they do this in the fish-bowl? Like their characters, matt and sanjiv can’t agree. “The more I do it,” sanjiv said, “ the more I realize the character is me.” For matt, “it’s a matter of stripping down my defense mechanisms to being that vulnerable again.” Sanjiv countered: “I think for me it’s more building on top of me. I think.”

This interaction ended suddenly, as many interactions between matt and sanjiv, with puzzled bemusement.

Creating a Concept: the Fish-bowl

Instead of the idea of a relationship (like, teacher/student), attached to a real place (like, College of Business at URI), we created the idea of a place, attached to real people, namely, matt-and-sanjiv-in-a-fish-bowl. In this imaginary place, the Fish-bowl, with extraordinary patience and power, through words, we agreed to project awareness and unity of self as the principle theme.

The Fish-bowl is a meeting place of the mind; it is a metaphysical place. There is no hiding here for matt-sanjiv because they’re simultaneously, observers and observed.

It cannot be assumed that the Fish-bowl is a determined, ordered system intelligible to the outsider who can discover the natural laws that govern matt-sanjiv, or that the role of reason is the power guiding matt-sanjiv.

Rationally and empirically, the Fish-bowl has no significance. It can only be seen in terms of the impact that the matt-sanjiv experience will make on its existence.

2.20.99

My Dear Siddharatha,

During our period of estrangement, our inward journey was around doubts as to “who I am” and, “what I stand for,” i.e. who is the authentic self? Am I this, or, am I that?

Through thought alone, one transcends a situation (of this/that), and thus we transcended our

situation, comprising of hurt and feelings of insult, by conceiving the fish-bowl. However, to act upon thought, (beginning with the memo allocating matt’s assistantship to sanjiv), is a contingent act… to survive, to live, to be represented. Our contingent act was a gesture demarcating matt-sanjiv representation. Gesture demarcates, and so we conceive of ourselves…

The fish-bowl is

a contingent act

a gesture

to exist.

The betrayal

of ideas

is a death

to being.

To open one’s mind

and one’s mental routine

to the world

is to open one’s heart.

From,

your very dear friend, Hermann Hesse.

Our Intent: to Play a Unique Role

Our intent is to play a unique role in education: to gain intellect not through verbal discourse per se but through presentation of thought and action; not through involvement with people in an outside world but in a Way Within or an Inward Way that presents world as inner landscape, and so carry out in practice our theme of awareness and unity of self.

Fear of Expressing Feelings

We do not always express Feelings because they’re often Confused, and even Frightening. However, to deny Feelings is to make false, restricted work. To be inauthentic and fake.

In the fish bowl we’re learning to touch Feelings. We touch through expression, i.e. expressing conceptions and perceptions of things, including each other. Particularly, differences like viking/sikh, west/east, physical/ mental, student/teacher,love/hate, and other such dimensions.

We touch Feelings under public gaze. We have a need to go public with every thing that we say or do.

We’re developing a need to write.

Management Principle 1: Conceiving Ambiguity, Creating Possibility

Ambiguous space is nonhierarchical, horizontal. Its nodes intersect in random, unregulated networks in which any node can interconnect with any other node. We create a new form of rhizomatic knowledge by mixing metaphors. Rhizome is a complex metaphor that contrasts with rooted,

traditional metaphors, such as, teacher/student. In the fish-bowl, matt-and-sanjiv celebrate their nomadic and schizophrenic qualities.

We’re motivated to do this because to conceive of ambiguity is to create possibility, and the stronger the ambiguity, the greater is our creativity, and the more powerful our felt-experience.

In the fish-bowl, we’ve created an ambiguious relationship between ourselves:

we’ve fulfilled all formal requirements (papers, etc.), yet we’re inconclusive about them (grades, etc.);

we’re not involved in each others research, yet our interaction is research;

matt is paid fifteen hours/week to assist sanjiv, yet it is sanjiv who assists matt.

The ambiguity in our relationship creates possibility because it allows us to be anything we want. This freedom makes us examine each other in ways we hadn’t been able to see before.

Management Principle 2: Creating Myth

The “fish-bowl” is an example of creating a myth. Myth is created inter-subjectively between matt and sanjiv.

“Myth (of matt-sanjiv-in-a-fish-bowl) is a system of communication, it is a message. It is a mode of signification, a form. We assign to this form historical limits, conditions of use, and reintroduce community into it: we must nevertheless first describe it as a form.” (roland barthes)

We use our imagination to describe our form of myth.

The matt-sanjiv form is diasporic ambiguity.

The college of business at URI is percieving and experiencing it.

Management Principle 3: Create Myth/Intersubjectivity/Intertextuality

Intersubjectivity helps matt-sanjiv to see that most human experience and action goes on between the self and others.

Myth creates Inter-subjectivity; and Inter-subjectivity creates Myth. However, in the fish-bowl the notion of Intertextuality replaces that of Intersubjectivity. “Every text is constructed as a mosaic of other texts, every text is an absorbtion and transformation of other texts” (julia kristeva). Through their intersubjectivity and intertextuality, around the texts of T.E. Lawrence (Lawrence of Arabia), Rainer Rilke (German poet), and Thomas Becket (Archbishop of Canterbury), among others, matt-sanjiv create the myth of the fish-bowl.

2.19.99

Dear Matt,

Thank you for expressing feelings so eloquently through the mouth of Mr. Kappus.

You are Mr. Kappus.

When reading our exchange of letters, it is evident that one’s authentic self is indeed problematic in a situation where one can be anything one wants.

We can be friends forever.

Between ourselves: Mr. Kappus, T.E Lawrence, the English, Rilke, Sartre, Hesse, the German, Eriksen, Viking, Siddharatha, Buddha, the Indian, Eakins, the American, Dugal, Sikh, Baudelaire, the French, the West and the East, we’re creating an inter-textuality, an inter-subjectivity, and a shared memory. Indeed, we’re creating our context. We’re laying the foundation.

Through this labyrinthe lies the inward journey of the subjective self.

I find your words,“ Even when overcome by feelings of hate, I still knew that our relationship was a source of great knowledge and understanding” to be most telling of our universal condition, because the central problem is not an abstract one, but one of contingency: what we lack is certainty, confidence, sense of purpose to break paradoxical situations like feelings of hate/ and feelings of great understanding. That is, the more I hate, the more I understand, and the more I understand, the more I hate.

If we had more access to our own past, to memory, to inter-textuality and inter-subjectivity, our sense of purpose would be immensely augmented. Hesse’s Steppenwolf expressed this sense of meaning due to re-possession of the past:

“For moments together my heart stood still between delight and sorrow to find how rich was the gallery of my life, and how thronged the soul of the wretched steppenwolf with high eternal stars and constellations… the kernel of this life of mine was noble. It came of high descent and turned, not on trifles, but on the stars…”(Steppenwolf, Hesse).

From your friend, Sanjiv

Myth/Intersubjectivity/Intertextuality are Inter-connected.

Inter-connectedness is the understanding that relations, connecting and opposing, exist.

Even lies are part of the truth.

To be Inter-connected is To-Be-Aware-of-Other-Realities,

i.e. to be aware of opposing myths, metaphors, dimensions,

and their on-going interactive inter-subjectivities.

“matt-sanjiv-in-the-fish-bowl” are aware of the what, why, whom, and wherefrom concerning their myth.

2.21.99

Dear Lief Erikson theViking,

One’s position within a relationship, like,Viking-Sikh, has to do with intersubjective interpretation, in other words, position is determined by our past (shared memory), our present (interpretation), and, our future (imagination).

The activities representing the past, present, and future, are overlapping in the new millennium to the extent of becoming indistinguishable. We’re experiencing confusion, loss of control, etc. In such a situation, how do I determine my sense of self?

To do so, I reveal a structure, or deconstruct one, or imaginatively construct one…here’s mine: “I was sent to these Arabs as a stranger, unable to think their thoughts or subscribe their beliefs, but charged by duty to lead them forward and to develop to the highest any movement of theirs profitable to England in her war. If I could not assume their character, I could atleast conceal my own, and pass among them without evident friction, neither a discord nor a critic but an unnoticed influence. Since I was their fellow I will not be their apologist or advocate. Today in my old garments, I could play the bystander, obedient to the sensibilities of our theatre…but it is more honest to record that these ideas and actions then passed naturally. What now looks wanton or sadic seemed in the field inevitable or just unimportant routine.” (T.E. Lawrence, Seven Pillars of Wisdom, 1926)

What is our intersubjective interpretation of the above text with regard to us, as Viking-Sikh? Here is a random list of specifics for us to address in the fish-bowl:

locate the fear

build history

zoom in and out

raise the stakes

get specific

explore the underside

Yours truly,

Sardar Bahadur Singh the Sikh

Management Principle 4: Experiencing Learning

In the fish-bowl the problem of Being takes precedence over that of Knowing (when acquiring a Ph.D. or anything else).

“Being cannot be made a subject of objective enquiry; it is revealed to the individual by reflecting on his own unique concrete existence in time and space. Existence is basic: it is the fact of the individual’s presence and participation in a changing and potentially dangerous world. Each self-aware individual understands his own existence in terms of his experience of himself and of his situation. The self of which he is aware is a thinking being which has beliefs, hopes, fears, desires, the need to find a purpose, and a will that can determine his actions.” (sartre)

Real and Unreal:

We are free to choose between authentic and fake as a form of existence. Freedom distinguishes between “authentic” and “inauthentic” forms of existence.

In the fish-bowl we distinguish between authentic/fake on the basis of our endeavor to transcend a particular dimension or form.

This endeavor is the matt-sanjiv form of Authenticity.

We are free to choose our reality.

Management Principle 5: Creating Reality as Representational Space

I can represent something (teacher), if you represent the other (student).

You can only represent something (youth), if I represent the other (mid-life).

in this dimension we are bound

Whenever we articulate other dimensions, other myths, other inter-subjectivites, other realities, other representational spaces, we ipso facto create a temporal and spatial disjunction.

When we articulate the meaning of a new dimension, we experience temporal and spatial disjunction as representational space.

Matt & Sanjiv occupy several dimensions, but their spirits are free.

Viking and Sikh

Reality of Humility/Arrogance

Matt and Sanjiv are inter-connected on the following dimension:

Humility------------------------------------------ Arrogance

Our beings “connect and oppose in relation” to this dimension.

It is one of several operating realities between us.

The existence of humility in matt’s being is dependent upon the existence of arrogance in sanjiv’s being;

and the existence of humility in sanjiv’s being is dependent upon the existence of arrogance in matt’s being.

We’re hooked.

We can be anything we want. It’s all in our heads.

Our Method: the Interplay between Verbalized-Thought and Felt-Experience

In the fish-bowl, the interplay between our two distinct identities brought complexity and depth to our respective worlds. We interpreted text (and each-other), as we saw (perceived) and felt (experienced) it. Even as we respect another’s text, we brought our subjectivity to bear upon it. We infused the text with our individual being; not the other way round. The text did not infuse us.

In other words, we used words as expressions of sensed-thought (felt-experience) rather than as verbalized-thought in promoting the idea of unity above the inner divisions between us. Our interpreted text reveals us and reflects on us.

Example of Verbalized-thought:

“That evening, I found that I had to untangle two different reactions, writing a description of the conversation and, carefully separated, an expression of my feelings as a member of another culture. Each person is calibrated by experience, almost like a measuring instrument for difference, so discomfort is informative and offers a starting point for new understanding. Indeed, what I had seen and heard would not have pushed me to reflection and generalization were it not for the urgency produced by the sense of difference.”

(Mary Catherine Bateson, Peripheral Visions, page 17)

Example of Felt-experience:

In the fish-bowl we found

we had to untangle two processes:

description of the script (between us),

and carefully separated,

expression of (our) feelings.

WORDS DESCRIBE, STEP BACK, FEELINGS EXPRESS

We experience difference through the expression of feelings.

Discomfort from difference is Information;

Information is a starting point for new Understanding.

EXPERIENCE DIFFERENCE THRU EXPRESSION

(My) experence,

Makes (me)

different (from you).

difference (from you)

Makes (me)

experience (you).

DIFFERENCE CREATES SOMETHING NEW

The urgency

produced by our sense of difference

Forces us to

Reflect and Transcend the situation.

From the above method, what we learned about ourselves and for the practice of management were the following:

Construct a text/written script

express feelings

expressing feelings makes for difference

sense of difference produces urgency

urgency requires us to reflect, and to transcend

the written text…

Principle activity: create a sense of difference to achieve unity above inner divisions.

It’ All In Our Heads

Thank you

Bye…for

now.

Epilogue

Our revels now are ended,

These are actors, as I foretold you,

We’re all spirits, and are melted into air.

And like the baseless fabric of this vision,

The cloud capp’d towers, the gorgeous palaces,

The solemn temples, the great globe itself.

Yea all which it inherit shall dissolve,

And like this insubstantial pageant faded,

Leave not a rack behind.

We are such stuff, as dreams are made of,

And our little life is rounded,

With a sleep.

(from “The Tempest” by William Shakespeare)

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/20/2023 12:46:34
Subject: story-telling and ante-narrative of the fishbowl
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you?

Classes on MW are open to all. Please google MOOC.

The majority have the ‘way' of the fishbowl under their belts (metaphors).

On Wednesdays you can ‘make an appearance’ in 113 Ballantine at 3pm and, 5pm at 115 Ballantine. 

Those who wish to see me face-to-face, I am in my office in 314 Ballantine, 2-3pm on wednesdays. 

On Mondays you can ‘appear' in 102 Ballantine at 11am and, 112 Ballantine at 12 Noon.

On Mondays, face-to-face from 1-2 pm, either in my office or Rams Den over lunch.

Please make a note of the above, particularly for the next four weeks. After that, we presume you got the ‘way’ and, we go completely online.

Your presence in MGT345 and MGT448 is always felt and noted in the fishbowl.

Please see Macy Sundwall’s posting on Story-Telling below. 

In this letter, I want to introduce the concept of ‘ante-narrative.’ 

(Please google David Boje/Ante-narrative).

This raises the question what is the ante-narrative of your fishbowl? To answer the question, please open the document below. I will also reproduce it in the fishbowl.

Sanjiv

WAY, APPEARANCE, MAKE, PRESENCE, FELT, NOTED, NARRATIVE, ANTE-NARRATIVE

from the fishbowl...

maceysundwall

Posts: 15

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 3:25 pm

9/17 Google Search

post by maceysundwall » Wed Sep 20, 2023 12:20 am

Story-telling is a powerful tool. It can help

1) Persuade an audience

2) Build trust

3) Build a connection

4) Emotionally appeal to an audience

5) Help audience understand and retain information

This is a list of beneficial elements that come from story-telling. Story-telling is an engaging way to communicate and intrigue the audience by grabbing their full attention.

Examples of places or professions that storytelling is useful include lecturing to students, sales profession and marketing, fundraising, public speaking, film and television.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/19/2023 15:04:23
Subject: the dance of alterity
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Before turning to go, she whispered in my ear...

"24 hours a day for the rest of our lives, the powers that be are hard at work, dumbing us to death, so, to defend ourselves and fight against assimilating this dullness into our thought processes, we must learn to read, and to stimulate our own imaginations which we have lost because we are fed images. To cultivate our own consciousness, our own belief systems, we all need these skills, to defend, to preserve our own minds."

The question we confront in this context is: How do we set up a practice to cultivate our own minds? 

It begins by selecting two words: To Be Two 

To Be Two is the title of a book by Luce Irigaray. Please google.

It took me many years to understand Irigaray's meaning, and

to be able to interpret her in my own way...influenced by an Indian sensibility.

Life is a Dance that begins by selecting Two, and each is Other to the other; Alterity (please google). They co-exist and form and define each other. 

Why alterity? From deconstruction and reconstructing meaning, we will be moving into the creation of dichotomies and dimensions via a circuitous route. We will be selecting two words and thereby constructing structures to enter the unknown. We are staying close to text, in order to become whatever we want. For instance, our fishbowls are paintings to look at because they are telling stories with hidden meanings, layer upon layer of paint (words). You see a range of color, the ordinary and extraordinary and the reach of light. We are painting each other: to become a still life of a magical landscape. We are writing ourselves into existence and we are sailing on our own private dictionary.

Please see Jacqueline Morley’s postings below for deeper clarification.

Sanjiv

ALTERITY, CULTIVATE, BEGIN, DANCE, CREATION

from the fishbowl...

jacquelinemorley

Posts: 21

Joined: Sun Sep 10, 2023 10:58 am

Deconstructions and Felt Experiences

Post by jacquelinemorley » Sat Sep 16, 2023 2:16 pm

9 / 8 / 2023 Letter

Sanjiv's letter on "Epistemic Cognition as an Antidote to Algorithmic Governmentality" sparked my interest in this class and, because of this, I will start by deconstructing the title of that paper. Epistemic Cognition is what we learn through our own personal thoughts and experiences, not what we see other people doing or saying on the internet or in a textbook. This way of learning is how humans developed and it is being lost due to Algorithmic Govermentality. Algorithmic Governmentality is the surrender of our own way of thinking which is overrun by computational technologies and the constant data they feed us. An antidote is something that cancels or counteracts the affects of something else. Sanjiv describes how through this class we will cure this structured way of thinking and learning through our own cognitions. A way of learning that is ignored in today's universities.

I think it is important to consider algorithmic governmentaility and how it affects our daily lives. I often get overwhelmed by the amount of information that is available to me and feel that it can be unhealthy. They say the best learning happens when you are bored, but we do not get those opportunities when we are consumed by the never-ending stimulus of technology and social media.

Last edited by jacquelinemorley on Mon Sep 18, 2023 9:52 pm, edited 1 time in total.

jacquelinemorley

Posts: 21

Joined: Sun Sep 10, 2023 10:58 am

Re: Deconstructions

Post by jacquelinemorley » Sat Sep 16, 2023 2:48 pm

9 / 10 / 2023

"We are creating meaning and making sense as individuals and as a group."

Creating = making = bringing about something new

Meaning = making sense = sharing/describing ideas and thoughts

We are sharing our thoughts and ideas to learn from each other in the fishbowl. We already know how to think critically. As we employ these skills more and more, we will learn so much more from ourselves than we ever thought possible. Delving deeper and deeper into our minds will uncover intelligence that we never knew was there. That is the individual aspect. With each of us performing this way in the Fishbowl, we will be each others students swimming in a constant flow of thought.

jacquelinemorley

Posts: 21

Joined: Sun Sep 10, 2023 10:58 am

Re: Deconstructions

Post by jacquelinemorley » Sat Sep 16, 2023 3:44 pm

9 / 10 / 2023 - Life of Practice Letter

"The more you read into something, anything, the more you will see. 'The world is in a grain of sand!'"

Read = to see and conceptualize words to make meaning

See = to experience and understand our surroundings

The more we delve into the concepts presented in the letters, the more we will start to notice in our everyday life. This expands our worldly view and expands our knowledge. We start to notice more around us and how these surroundings play a part in our daily lives. The more we use our minds, the more we will see around us. A grain of sand is very, very small. We can see its entirety easily, but we can not make out its details from a broad view. If we look closely into the world through our thoughts and experiences, we will see so much more.

jacquelinemorley

Posts: 21

Joined: Sun Sep 10, 2023 10:58 am

Re: Deconstructions

Post by jacquelinemorley » Sun Sep 17, 2023 6:13 pm

9 /12 / 2023 Letter

"Sorting, sifting, selecting, and substituting"

We are performing each of these actions in The Fishbowl. We sort through each of the letters and find sentences that confuse us or spark our interest. We reread these sentences within the letter, sifting through the ones that make sense and ones that do not. We select the sentences that we would like to deconstruct, to delve into deeper and find the meaning of. Finally, we substitute words in these sentences with synonyms, therefore, expanding our vocabulary and exercising our brains. We read, look, pick, and switch to make meaning of words.

jacquelinemorley

Posts: 21

Joined: Sun Sep 10, 2023 10:58 am

Re: Deconstructions

Post by jacquelinemorley » Sun Sep 17, 2023 6:22 pm

9 / 13 / 2023 Letter

"You are displaying HOW to create knowledge and knowing."

In the Fishbowl, we are showing ourselves and our peers how knowledge is formed through thoughts. As we add more and more knowledge to the thread, we are increasing each of our knowing capacity and skills. To have knowledge is to master the skill of knowing. To know, we must recognize others thoughts and realize our own. With each post, we add to each other's knowledge.

"There is no escape in the digital world."

At this current state of the world, it is impossible to escape technology and the Internet. Our classes, communication, and relationships often depend on it. Therefore, we must embrace it. The Fishbowl is apart of this digital world, but it is for our betterment. It is improving our communication skills and increasing our knowledge. We cannot escape the digital world, so we must use it to our advantage. We can learn so much if we use it in the right ways.

jacquelinemorley

Posts: 21

Joined: Sun Sep 10, 2023 10:58 am

Re: Deconstructions and Felt Experiences

Post by jacquelinemorley » Mon Sep 18, 2023 9:57 pm

9 / 18 / 2023 Letter

"Dwell, mull and ponder intangibles."

Dwell - Spend time looking at, observing, and reading

Mull - think deeply; realize your feelings

Ponder - think carefully; consider what it means

Intangibles - a nonphysical presence; words; feelings

We must spend time observing the letters, thinking deeply about the letters, and thinking carefully about how we interpret the letters. This can be applied to all aspects of life and learning, not just in the Fishbowl.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/18/2023 11:52:45
Subject: select, identify, imagine
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? 

Many have come a long way in understanding process (method, procedure) in the fishbowl.

Get the process down first, most important. It is technique and has a few steps where you pause and ponder. 

You need the dictionary as a tool box. Use it.

We are learning to: 

select words that evoke meaningful thoughts from the past, 

identify symbols and how they work upon our perception, 

imagine structures that create visible spaces for insights and interaction to occur.

Don’t rush your process. Growth occurs imperceptibly and non-linearly.

Dwell, mull and ponder intangibles. Meditate (focus) and Contemplate (think about) things. All the time!

See you in a bit.

Sanjiv

TECHNIQUE, METHOD, PROCEDURE, PROCESS, UNDERSTAND, DWELL, MULL, PONDER, INTANGIBLE, MEDITATE, CONTEMPLATE, SELECT, IDENTIFY, IMAGINE

from the fishbowl...

ceciliacalise

Posts: 18

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 1:25 pm

Deconstructing & Felt Experiences

Post by ceciliacalise » Tue Sep 12, 2023 4:43 pm

"Denkbild"

"The Denkbild is a poetic mode of writing, a brief snapshot-in-prose that stages the interrelation of literary, philosophical, political, and cultural insights."

DECONSTRUCTION:

1. Denkbild: This refers to the subject of the sentence, which is "The Denkbild." A Denkbild is a literary or poetic mode of writing.

2. Poetic mode of writing: This phrase describes what a Denkbild is. It's a style of writing that is artistic and creative, often used in poetry.

3. Brief snapshot-in-prose: This further describes what a Denkbild is. It's a concise portrayal or representation of something, typically written in prose, which is regular written language (not poetry).

4. Stages: This is a verb that means to set up or present. In this context, it's describing what a Denkbild does.

5. Interrelation: This term means the way things are connected or related to each other.

6. Literary, philosophical, political, and cultural insights: These are the kinds of ideas or concepts that a Denkbild portrays. They are insights or perspectives related to literature, philosophy, politics, and culture.

RECONSTRUCTION:

So, in simpler and broader terms, the sentence is saying that a Denkbild is a form of artistic writing that provides a concise, prose-based snapshot of how literary, philosophical, political, and cultural ideas are interconnected or related to each other.

The concept of Denkbild is quite useful as it offers a creative and concise way to capture complex ideas and their interconnections. It allows writers to convey intricate thoughts from various fields like literature, philosophy, politics, and culture in a compact form. This can be valuable for expressing profound insights, fostering intellectual exploration, and encouraging readers to think deeply about the relationships between these diverse areas of knowledge. Denkbilds can serve as powerful tools for both writers and readers to engage with complex concepts in a thought-provoking and artistic manner.

In my real life, I've found that often times my experiences with art are the most complicated to accurately explain to others through language and words alone. I find it difficult to explain the feeling of being at a concert of an artist I love, for example seeing Taylor Swift. After the concert, the only way to provide an accurate description of the experience, was utilizing the concept of a Denkbild. By providing complex and specific sensory details, I'm able to convey a thought-image that others can picture vividly, as if they experienced it themselves. Simply using adjectives is not always enough.

ceciliacalise

Posts: 18

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 1:25 pm

Re: Deconstructing & Felt Experiences

Post by ceciliacalise » Thu Sep 14, 2023 5:35 pm

Sensemaking

"If accuracy is nice but not necessary in sensemaking, than what is necessary? The answer is. something that preserves plausibility and coherence, something that is reasonable and memorable, something that embodies past experience and expectations, something which resonates with other people, something that can be constructed retrospectively but also can be used prospectively, something that captures both feeling and thought, something that allows for embellishment to fit current oddities, something that is fun to contrast. In short, what is necessary in sensemaking is a good story."

DECONSTRUCTING:

"Something that preserves plausibility and coherence,"

- This suggests that what's necessary is information or a narrative that makes sense and is believable.

"Something that embodies past experience and expectations,"

- This highlights that it should relate to what people have experienced before and what they expect.

"Something that can be constructed retrospectively but also can be used prospectively,"

- This implies that it should work for understanding past events (looking back) and for guiding future actions (looking forward).

RECONSTRUCTING:

In summary, this passage suggests that accuracy may not be the most important factor in understanding or making sense of something. Instead, what's crucial is a narrative or story that is believable, logical, memorable, relatable, adaptable to different time frames, emotionally and intellectually engaging, flexible for unique situations, and interesting for comparison with other narratives. In essence, a good story is what's needed for effective sensemaking.

In my own experience as a student studying marketing, I absolutely recognize the importance of a "good story" when it comes to sensemaking. I've learned at length how essential it is to convey a "good" story in any form of marketing communications. It is clear that the ideas Weick discusses are applicable in almost every area of life. It holds true in my experience that to really influence or persuade anyone of anything, all these aspects of a good story really are necessary. I have always found myself to be more successful in conveying what I hoped to when ensuring the narrative makes sense and is believable overall; also when real-life experiences are included to create resonance.

ceciliacalise

Posts: 18

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 1:25 pm

Re: Deconstructing & Felt Experiences

Post by ceciliacalise » Thu Sep 14, 2023 5:40 pm

Joan Didion

"The dreams and the fears into which Martha Stewart taps are not of “feminine” domesticity but of female power, of the woman who sits down at the table with the men and, still in her apron, walks away with the chips."

DECONSTRUCTING:

FEMININE: of or relating to women, possessing qualities traditionally attributed to women

DREAMS: something longed for, something desired

POWER: ability or capacity to do something, strength or force exerted

RECONSTRUCTING:

More simply, this sentence is saying that Martha Stewart's dreams and fears are not about traditional female roles like housekeeping. Instead, they're about women being powerful and competing with men, even while staying true to their feminine identity, like a woman who can win in a male-dominated game while still wearing her apron.

This quote from the text resonated with me deeply. I think the importance of feminine feminism cannot be understated in today's world, and she provides a perfect example here. I think today, the new wave of feminism often erases real feminity, and instead focuses on a harsher approach. While this is also respectable, of course, I personally believe that empowering women who are indeed feminine, and who do aspire to "feminine" goals, is essential to the movement. Feminine women can be just as strong and empowered as women who are more masculine or less feminine in identity.

Top

ceciliacalise

Posts: 18

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 1:25 pm

Contact: Contact ceciliacalise

Re: Deconstructing & Felt Experiences

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by ceciliacalise » Sun Sep 17, 2023 4:59 pm

Structuralists

Structuralist: A structuralist is someone who follows the principles of structuralism, a school of thought in fields such as linguistics, anthropology, and literary theory, and seeks to understand and analyze complex phenomena by examining the underlying structures or patterns that shape them.

DECONSTRUCTING:

COMPLEX PHENOMENA: Complicated aspects of reality or subjects that structuralists break down into fundamental elements.

PRINCIPLES OF STRUCTURALISM: The core concepts and guidelines that guide structuralist thinking.

FIELDS: Academic disciplines such as linguistics, anthropology, and literary theory where structuralism is applied to gain deeper insights.

RECONSTRUCTING:

So, in simpler terms, a structuralist looks at how different parts or elements within a system relate to each other and how these relationships create meaning or function.

In my own experience, in my junior year of high school, I enrolled in a philosophy course that introduced me to various philosophical concepts and thinkers. One of the topics we explored was "the nature of reality." I remember one particular discussion about the classic philosophical question: "If a tree falls in a forest and no one is around to hear it, does it make a sound?" This question sparked a lively debate in our class. We analyzed the structural aspects of the question, breaking it down into the components of perception, existence, and reality. I realized how philosophy could be a structured way of examining fundamental questions about the world. It encouraged me to question assumptions and consider different perspectives, which I found to be a valuable skill in both academic and personal life.

Top

ceciliacalise

Posts: 18

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 1:25 pm

Contact: Contact ceciliacalise

Re: Deconstructing & Felt Experiences

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Unread post by ceciliacalise » Sun Sep 17, 2023 5:36 pm

Phenomenologists

A phenomenologist is a philosopher who investigates and describes the structures of human consciousness and subjective experience, focusing on how individuals perceive and interpret the world through their lived experiences.

DECONSTRUCTING:

PERCIEVE: To perceive means to become aware of or interpret sensory information from the external world or internal thoughts and feelings.

INTERPRET: Interpretation involves making sense of or assigning meaning to sensory information and experiences, often influenced by personal perspectives, beliefs, and cultural factors.

SUBJECTIVE EXPERIENCE: Subjective experience refers to an individual's personal and unique mental and emotional encounters with the world, which may not necessarily be objective or universally shared.

RECONSTRUCTING:

In simpler terms, a phenomenologist is a philosopher who studies how people think, feel, and experience the world, trying to understand the structures and patterns of our thoughts and perceptions.

A personal experience I think of in relation to phenomenology is one of my favorite family recipes I like to cook a lot when I'm away from home. One particular time I was making this pasta last year, I got a powerful sense of nostalgia. The combination of scents and tastes transported me back to my kitchen when I was younger.

Reflecting on this experience later, I realized that cooking that meal wasn't just about following a recipe; it was about how the sensory experiences of smell, taste, and memory intertwined to create a rich and meaningful moment. Phenomenology helps us understand that even seemingly ordinary experiences can be layered with personal significance and unique perceptions, influenced by our individual consciousness and memories.

Top

ceciliacalise

Posts: 18

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 1:25 pm

Contact: Contact ceciliacalise

Re: Deconstructing & Felt Experiences

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Unread post by ceciliacalise » Sun Sep 17, 2023 5:44 pm

Social Constructivism:

Social constructivism is a theory that suggests that many of our ideas, beliefs, and even facts about the world are not inherent or objective truths but are instead shaped by society, culture, and human interactions. It emphasizes that our understanding of reality is influenced by the social context in which we live and that people collectively create and reinforce these shared beliefs and perceptions through communication and shared experiences.

DECONSTRUCTING:

SOCIETY: Society refers to a group of people living together in a community or sharing a common culture, norms, and values.

CULTURE: Culture encompasses the shared customs, beliefs, values, behaviors, and practices of a group of people, often passed down through generations.

HUMAN INTERACTIONS: Human interactions involve communication, relationships, and exchanges between individuals within a social context.

RECONSTRUCTING:

In simpler terms, social constructivism is the idea that our beliefs and knowledge are shaped by the society and culture we live in, rather than being absolute truths.

In my early childhood, I grew up in a culturally diverse neighborhood where many of my friends celebrated Hannukah, while my family celebrated Christmas. One year, I had a conversation with my best friend, who celebrated Hanukkah. We discussed our holiday traditions, and I was fascinated by the differences in our celebrations. It struck me that what I considered "normal" during Christmas and what she considered "normal" during Hanukkah were shaped by our respective cultural backgrounds.

It reinforced the idea that our understanding of reality is influenced by our social context and the collective beliefs and traditions of the people around us. It was a valuable lesson in how social constructivism plays a role in shaping our perspectives and beliefs about the world.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/17/2023 19:34:38
Subject: doing Kinky Boots
------------------------------------------------------------
Please be conscious of Three things below:

I.

When watching Kinky Boots, please keep the following 3 theories in mind by identifying examples and their contexts.

adamgomez

Posts: 17

Joined: Tue Sep 12, 2023 3:02 pm

9/16 Letter Google Search

 post by adamgomez » Sun Sep 17, 2023 1:03 pm

Social constructivism is a learning theory that states individuals are active participants in the creation of their own knowledge.

Symbolic interactionism is a theory that explains how individuals interact with each other. The theory argues that people act as a result of meanings they assign to things, which can differ among different people and can change over time.

Reflexivity is the ability of someone to examine their own emotions, figure out why they feel that way, and realize how their emotions are affecting their actions.

II.

Through story-telling, Kinky Boots became a global phenomena. 

adamgomez

Posts: 17

Joined: Tue Sep 12, 2023 3:02 pm

9/17 Letter Google Search

 post by adamgomez » Sun Sep 17, 2023 1:08 pm

Storytelling is the art of telling a story, which expresses how and why life changes. Storytelling can be very useful in business, rather than using traditional rhetoric, because stories unite ideas with emotions. Telling a good story about a company and their product that makes the customer associate positive emotions with the company will persuade more people to purchase from the company.

III.

Please keep the following words in front of you when watching Kinky Boots.

JayceKeeler

Posts: 16

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 1:12 pm

Re: VOCAB

 post by JayceKeeler » Sun Sep 17, 2023 1:22 pm

9/17

IDENTITY

-the fact of being who or what a person or thing is

FORMATION

-the action of forming or process of being formed

REALIZE

-become fully aware of (something) as a fact; understand clearly

REFLECT

-think deeply or carefully about

ATTEND

-be present at (an event, meeting, or function)

CONSEQUENCE

-a result or effect of an action or condition

RESPONSIBILITY

-the state or fact of having a duty to deal with something or of having control over someone

INSTINCT

-an innate, typically fixed pattern of behavior in animals in response to certain stimuli

INTUITION

-the ability to understand something immediately, without the need for conscious reasoning

CONTEXT

-the circumstances that form the setting for an event, statement, or idea, and in terms of which it can be fully understood and assessed

DESCRIBE

-give an account in words of (someone or something), including all the relevant characteristics, qualities, or events

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/17/2023 14:26:43
Subject: interpreting the business of KInky Boots
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are enjoying this beautiful Sunday.

I wanted to talk about KInky Boots and set the stage before you watch the film.

Through talking, i.e. through words, we set the stage for the play to begin.”

Setting the stage is akin to drawing-out, spelling-out, describing the context. 

Everything is within a context.

You are the creator of your microcosm. Your own assemblage of words!

The ‘real’ business in Kinky Boots is about concepts, abstractions, images, text, symbols, feelings, memory and, sharing all of them with each other through conversation. Consequently, Lola and Charlie Price and their businesses have become a global phenomena. Now that is a business success!

“ So how are we going to do it," she asked. The show is already on the road, I replied.”

What are you looking out for when watching Kinky Boots:

Lola’s leadership and managerial skills

Charlie Price as a quick learner: on his feet using instincts and intuition to do the right thing

Looking at words as symbols that trigger trajectories of stories from the past

Talking in abstractions and symbols

Words have consequences that become responsibilities

Attending to things immediately by turning around

Reflecting before taking a decision

Identity in formation through realization

Ending: becoming a global phenomenon by story-telling.

Please google Story-telling: https://hbr.org/2003/06/storytelling-that-moves-people

Sanjiv

IDENTITY, FORMATION, REALIZE, REFLECT, ATTEND, CONSEQUENCE, RESPONSIBILITY, INSTINCT, INTUITION, CONTEXT, DESCRIBE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/16/2023 15:02:21
Subject: kinky boots
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? The fishbowl has taken-off from the runway and we raise a question on the floor: for the fishbowl to become an iconic business entity, what kind of Society and Culture will keep us in sustained flight? 

Our selected words, in the question(s) above, are metaphors and symbols with attached word-images. The question itself is a deep and complex one requiring habitual study.

A Word is an Entity which is part of a larger System of words. 

A Word is an Element

in an Image which is 

a symbol 

that is part of 

a system of values (words).

A Sentence of words is a structure of words. We structure words and in turn we are structured by them because structures create spaces which we occupy. 

We are known as 

structuralists, 

post-structuralists and as 

phenomenologists. 

Please google these terms. One sentence each. Focus and Simplify.

We are creating a business that structures spaces for our carefully selected words to thrive and abound: to be bountiful.

Watching Kinky Boots attached below:

Please google 

1. Social Constructivism, 

2. Symbolic Interactionism and 

3. Reflexivity. 

One or two sentences each that you understand.

2. Please write down sentences spoken and/or describe contexts in Kinky Boots that are examples of the above three methodologies.

3. In the film, Charlie Price and Lola turn a losing business situation around and make themselves into a global entity and phenomenon.

Charlie Boy is a quick learner from Lola who is well versed in these methodologies for doing business. It is having a symbolic awareness of things. Most members of LGBTQ are successful and ahead of the game in this regard but they are not always willing to take on the role of teacher. So, getting up to speed with these methods in business is a good idea. 

Sanjiv

ENTITY, ELEMENT, SYMBOL, IMAGE, ICON, STRUCTURE, SOCIAL, SYSTEM, CONCEPT, PHENOMENON, AWARENESS

Kinky Boots

https://drive.google.com/file/d/12h4f1ET-djdMRthz3Trgz0NM4qWKyy5m/view?usp=sharing

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/13/2023 14:14:24
Subject: observations at this point...
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

I list my observations about your fishbowls at this point...

I.

 

There should be 4 categories in your fishbowls for easy identification: 

1. Vocabulary

2. Google Searches 

3. Letters: deconstruction and felt experiences

4. interactive exercises

However, some of you prefer combining the first three categories into one. In which case, create the category REFLECTIONS.

Under each category heading, you can sub-title your postings. Like, Letter 1, Letter 2, etc. or any other way

II.

Class time should be treated as the traditional office hours, because your questions are raised in the public domain. In public space. 

We are big into the spatial metaphor in the fishbowl.

Your questions during class time seek the following:

clarification

affirmation

purpose

You can show-up in any of the following class times, but be on time.

Mondays at 11 am in 102 Ballantine, and

at 12 Noon in 113 Ballantine

Wednesdays at 3 pm in 113 Ballantine, and

at 5 pm in 115 Ballantine

There is no attendance in class. Your attendance is clocked in your fishbowls. 

There is no escape in the digital world.

III.

In your fishbowls, you are learning to read and write in a new way, and thereby to raise the discourse and re-perceive the world.

You are displaying HOW to create knowledge and knowing, i.e., you are sharing your process and outcomes for the benefit of your viewers.

See you in class.

Sanjiv

CLARIFICATION, AFFIRMATION, PURPOSE

from the fishbowl... an example of categorization, and sub-topics

emmapapa

Posts: 8

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 11:41 am

Emma Papa's Google Searches

 post by emmapapa » Tue Sep 12, 2023 2:15 pm

Letter 1

9/7

Manuel Delanda’s A New Philosophy of Society is "a loose construct of how the contemporary world is made up of extraordinary social concepts". I find this theory fascinating as we often overlook the obvious characteristics of the world around us. Taking time to think about how our relations for and are connected to the world around us are also very important and should be emphasized on more.

Top

emmapapa

Posts: 8

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 11:41 am

Re: Emma Papa's Google Searches

 post by emmapapa » Wed Sep 13, 2023 8:52 am

Letter 3 - Class Times

9/10

After google searching “Derrida” I learned that Jacques Derrida was a French Philosopher who developed the philosophy of deconstruction. The main point of Derrida’s theory of deconstruction is that it shows how the meaning of words that are put together in work can easily have multiple or alternative meanings.

Top

emmapapa

Posts: 8

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 11:41 am

Re: Emma Papa's Google Searches

 post by emmapapa » Wed Sep 13, 2023 9:22 am

Letter 4 - Life of Practice

The Denkbild is the concept of “thought-images” in which it is a form of poetic writing. Providing the reader with a brief “snapshot” of the author’s mind in that exact moment. It helps to provide literary, philosophical, political, and cultural insights.

Joan Didion was an American writer and novelist. Her book entitled “Let me tell you what I mean” addresses a variety of topics from problems with trust in newspapers to why she writes what she does. It provides the reader with an insight into her mind, similarly to what we are doing in the Fishbowl. We are providing the Fishbowl with glimpses into our minds.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/12/2023 12:42:16
Subject: sorting, sifting, selecting and substituting
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are doing well. I want to caution you: the stakes are high. It is not another easy course. Looks can be deceiving! 

Text (in my letters, sent by email and posted in the fishbowl) represents a potential effect that is realized in our reading process. 

Reading is therefor the focal point in the fishbowl, for it sets in motion a whole chain of activities that depend on the text and on the exercise of your basic human faculties, such as, sorting, sifting, selecting and substituting.

Please see Michelle Hanna's postings below. 

TEXT, REPRESENT, POTENTIAL, EFFECT, REALIZE, READING, PROCESS, SORT, SIFT, SELECT, SUBSTITUTE

There are basically 4 activities that are identifiable under Subject in the fishbowl:

a. Vocabulary: concepts and phenomena

b. Google Searches: taking and making notes

c. Deconstruction and Felt-experiences

d. Four Interactive Assignments

These activities begin to coalesce into one expression. 

There is no hard and fast rule for the SUbject title, except, you are choreographing and designing thought-images and you want them to be as accessible as possible for the reader. This is a business we are talking about!

IDENTIFY, ACTIVITY, COALESCE, EXPRESSION, CHOREOGRAPH, DESIGN, ACCESSIBLE 

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

michellehanna

Posts: 6

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 11:36 am

Contact: Contact michellehanna

Deconstruction & Evoking Felt-Experiences

post by michellehanna » Mon Sep 11, 2023 6:05 pm

**Letter 2 9/8**

“The Denkbild encodes a poetic form of condensed, epigrammatic writing in textual snapshots, flashing up as poignant meditations that typically fasten upon a seemingly peripheral detail or marginal topic, usually without a developed plot or a prescribed narrative agenda, yet charged with theoretical insight.” (Gerard Richter, Thought-Images, Stanford University Press).”

Deconstruction

encodes: convert into a particular form. The process of turning thoughts into communication

condensed: made more compressed or concentrated. Reduced in volume, area, length, or scope; shortened

epigrammatic: expressing oneself using very few words, in a smart, funny manner. Short and clever.

textual snapshots: images of reflection. Ephemeral and ethereal, fleeting and opaque.

-ephermal: lasting for a very short time

-ethereal: extremely delicate and light in a way that seems too perfect for this world

-fleeting: brief, short-lived

-opaque: not transparent, cannot see through

poignant: strongly effective in stirring one's emotions; causing or having a very sharp feeling of sadness

meditations: intervention in a dispute in order to resolve it; conciliation

fasten: to do up securely; to concentrate on someone or something

peripheral: not central or of main importance; lying outside or away from central part. Outer, external

marginal: small or not very important; insignificant

charged: filled with excitement, tension, or emotion

insight: immediate or clear understanding

Reconstruction

The Denkbild is a poetic way of writing in a short yet clever manner in order to evoke a textual snapshot. The image that you see when you think of a specific piece of text. These textual snapshots can usually result in an overwhelming sense of emotion or realization. Although the topic may seem insignificant or small and the narrator may not have a plan, the denkbild is infused with theoretical appreciation and understanding. Denkbild will allow the reader to reflect on important ideas that weren't apparent to them at one point.

Denkbild is about focusing on the aspects of life that may often be overlooked. Taking a deeper look into things and appreciating the value that it brings. Oftentimes this will result in personal value, insight, or realization. A very simple, yet common example of this that has occurred in my own life is waking up in the morning for school, in a new home, right on the water. Although this did not involve reading text, drinking my morning coffee during the first week of school allowed me to appreciate my life and all that I have, even though it was quite simple. Although life can be stressful, calm and simple moments like these allow you to appreciate the good.

michellehanna

Posts: 6

Joined: Thu Sep 07, 2023 11:36 am

Contact: Contact michellehanna

Re: Letter 3

post by michellehanna » Mon Sep 11, 2023 10:13 pm

**Letter 3 - 9/10**

"The more advanced the technology is thought to be, the more likely are people to discredit anything that does not come through it. Because of the fallacy of centrality, the better the information system, the less sensitive it is to novel events." (Sense making for Organizations by Karl Weick)

Deconstruction

Discredit: loss or lack of reputation or respect; dishonor, disrepute

Fallacy: a mistaken belief

Fallacy of centrality: assuming you are in a central position, you presume that if something serious were happening, you would know about it. And since you don't know about it, it isn't happening

Information system: an interconnected set of components used to collect, store, process and transmit data and digital information

Novel: of a new and unusual kind; different from anything seen or known before

Reconstruction

As technology continues to advance and demonstrate its capabilities, trust and reliance towards technology grows. This results in doubt around any information that does not come from technology. The fallacy of centrality explains that if something serious were going on, it would be known to the individual. If you have not been exposed to it or have not heard of it, it is not going on or it is not serious enough.

After reading the first few pages of Karl Weick's Sense Making For Organizations, I was instantly intrigued. It explains an everyday occurrence that is often overlooked. The fallacy of centrality. The book starts off describing sense making. Sense making occurs when one believes an event is so unlikely or implausible that they do not report it due to the fear of not being believed. The book goes on to explain the history of battered child syndrome which is a pattern of injuries to a young child with inadequate explanations about the medical history from the parents. In 1946, battered child syndrome was suggested by a pediatric radiologist in an article discussing six cases and including X-ray photos. The radiologist suggested that the accidents may have been due to "intentional ill treatment." By 1953, multiple articles discussing battered child syndrome had been published, but the medical field remained unconcerned. It wasn't until 1961 when people started to recognize the importance. This was because data from a national survey identified 749 cases which led to laws in all fifty states to report suspected cases of BCS. This is an example of the fallacy of centrality. People assumed that because they hadn't heard about it or because there wasn't much information about it, it must not be important or may not be going on at all. As technology improves, people are less sensitive to information that does not come from it. An example of this in our own lives is global warming. Because people aren't seeing specific data from technology and because it isn't being discussed on the news or social media, people believe it must not be happening. This makes me realize the importance of being aware and conscious of all information.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 5/12/2023 23:25:41
Subject: farewell
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? The grades were submitted a couple of days ago. 

I trust you've received them by now.

I hope the uncertainty of your grade is over. 

If I've overlooked something, I’m sure you’ll let me know.

There were mostly A and A- with several B+ and a few B and B-. 

I trust your grade was less surprise and more confirmation.

You were an excellent class. Congratulations are in order! 

I hope the experience was as rewarding for you as it was for me. 

Thank you. 

Reflecting on our experience of words exchanged and images conjured, what I saw, as I scrolled up and down, was that "the mind is immanent where there are a number of parts, moving and mutually constrained.” (Bateson, Gregory, “Steps To An Ecology of Mind”). 

Please fact check your postings from a distance.

Our experience brought out a few key issues of which you are the expert and can speak directly to them: 

the issue of dynamic relationship, of movement; 

the issue of constraint; 

the issue of mutuality.

Coming to the end of the road, and having said and done, as farewell, I leave you with two images which capture our experience.

Sanjiv

I. Cavafy’s famous poem

Ithaka

BY C. P. CAVAFY

TRANSLATED BY EDMUND KEELEY

As you set out for Ithaka

hope your road is a long one,

full of adventure, full of discovery.

Laistrygonians, Cyclops,

angry Poseidon—don’t be afraid of them:

you’ll never find things like that on your way

as long as you keep your thoughts raised high,

as long as a rare excitement

stirs your spirit and your body.

Laistrygonians, Cyclops,

wild Poseidon—you won’t encounter them

unless you bring them along inside your soul,

unless your soul sets them up in front of you.

Hope your road is a long one.

May there be many summer mornings when,

with what pleasure, what joy,

you enter harbors you’re seeing for the first time;

may you stop at Phoenician trading stations

to buy fine things,

mother of pearl and coral, amber and ebony,

sensual perfume of every kind—

as many sensual perfumes as you can;

and may you visit many Egyptian cities

to learn and go on learning from their scholars.

Keep Ithaka always in your mind.

Arriving there is what you’re destined for.

But don’t hurry the journey at all.

Better if it lasts for years,

so you’re old by the time you reach the island,

wealthy with all you’ve gained on the way,

not expecting Ithaka to make you rich.

Ithaka gave you the marvelous journey.

Without her you wouldn't have set out.

She has nothing left to give you now.

And if you find her poor, Ithaka won’t have fooled you.

Wise as you will have become, so full of experience,

you’ll have understood by then what these Ithakas mean.

C. P. Cavafy, "The City" from C.P. Cavafy: Collected Poems. Translated by Edmund Keeley and Philip Sherrard. Translation Copyright © 1975, 1992 by Edmund Keeley and Philip Sherrard. Reproduced with permission of Princeton University Press.

Source: C.P. Cavafy: Collected Poems (Princeton University Press, 1975)

II. Two youtubes on Jackson Pollock’s painting technique: 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hHZkKch9k6A 

(4mts)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EncR_T0faKM 

(3mts)

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 5/2/2023 17:22:38
Subject: &quot;to think at all is to theorize.&quot; (Coleridge, S.T.; The Friend)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? To theorize in the fishbowl is to see, observe, and to contemplate. 

In a nutshell: sorting, sifting, selecting and substituting.

Please see Harrison Maddox’ posting below.

Theorizing is essentially an activity that you learn by doing. Like swimming or biking. You can’t learn to do them simply by reading about them. 

Thanks to cognitive science and neurophysiology (please google these terms), we know that people are born with a capacity to think: to create concepts, analogies, and metaphors; and to come up with explanations. In brief, they are born with a capacity to think and to theorize. It is a capacity that can be blocked or strengthened, given the social and cultural conditions that exist, as well as the will of the individual to push ahead and try something new. Please see Samantha Brown’s posting below.

You have been theorizing most effectively in the fishbowl. Thanks to all of you and congratulations for a job well done.

"But what has all this got to do with making money," she insisted.

Sanjiv

CAPACITY, THINK, THEORIZE

from the fishbowl...

harrisonmaddox

Posts: 194

Joined: Sun Jan 22, 2023 3:30 pm

Re: Deconstructions

post by harrisonmaddox » Mon May 01, 2023 3:34 pm

Letter 52: (4/30/2023):

"Through contemplation and meditation on words, you have developed the skill of seeing their underlying phenomena."

This quote highlights by focusing one's attention and reflection on words, a person can acquire the ability to see the underlying concepts or phenomena that those words represent. This phrase refers to the act of focusing one's attention and reflection on words and the object of contemplation and meditation. This phrase also suggests that through the practice of contemplation and meditation on words the person being addressed has gained or a skill.

samanthabrown

Posts: 148

Joined: Sun Jan 22, 2023 5:28 pm

Re: Reading Process: Deconstructing Text and Evoking Felt-Experiences -- S Brown

post by samanthabrown » Sun Apr 30, 2023 4:05 pm

Letter: Simulating realities by creating dichotomies

"So, you first create abstract knowledge, i.e, your sentence, and then you interpret your feelings and experiences to ‘fit' that sentence structure."

---

We are on a journey of turning the abstract physical by defining what it is in relation to us. Taking a word or phrase and infusing it with meaning creates unique results that are individualized. By doing this, we are pushing our creativity, pushing our personal boundaries. We are developing deep thought by making connections between our layers of memory. This is truly learning and the development of insight. This is a priceless skill that will serve us forever. As future leaders, we need to be able to be flexible in thought and able to persuade people by showing our point of view. Utilizing tools learned in the Fishbowl does both. We are flexible in thought from repeated practice and by infusing meaning and our feelings into words, we become better at communicating meaning.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/25/2023 13:48:01
Subject: the Final is optional...
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you?

 

Doing the Final has meaning on several levels and I reiterate some of them below. I hope it will allay any stress.

The Final is Optional because it is meant to be no more than an opportunity to improve your grade. If you elected for a B during the semester, you can raise the grade one notch to a B+ when you do the Final. But you can’t jump two notches from a B to an A. 

The A- and the As are those who made significant contributions towards our learning in the fishbowl.

The various categories for grading are known to you and one chooses one's grade; you cut your coat according to your cloth.

There is little point in asking me for a grade at this time. I have to see the whole picture, and from a distance. It is a process that takes me several days and nights. There have been no disputes in the past. Your grade will not be a surprise.

Doing Your Vocab is a B, and I don’t expect anyone to get below that. You can, if you push it.

If you submit nothing, it is NW. After that Bureaucracy takes over.

In the past, the majority of you earned either B+ or A-

The straight A category is unmistakable. If you have doubts about the worth of your postings, please know you can be seen, large as life. Your effort and diligence is transparent. Your contribution is notable.

The Final is optional, but I encourage you to take a shot at it. In doing so, you will understand the meaning of the words, Realization and Insight. 

We understand meaning through realization and insight. Please see Tiffany Chan’s posting below.

Sanjiv

REALIZATION, INSIGHT

from the fishbowl...

tiffanychan

Posts: 185

Joined: Sun Jan 22, 2023 2:27 pm

Re: Letter 8 2/3/2023 Letter Deconstruction

Post by tiffanychan » Mon Apr 24, 2023 3:59 pm

Letter 51 (4/24/2023): “Accepting differences”

This quote resonates with me because these 2 words alone hold so much power, yet when they are put together, they create a whole other meaning. Accepting difference means understanding how we are alike, how we are different and treating everyone with respect and understanding regardless of the differences. Respecting both similarities and differences in others opens doors to many opportunities. You'll learn new things and make better decisions, which in turn will help your career and improve your self-confidence.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/24/2023 19:01:37
Subject: of dichotomies and dimensions
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well and not feeling stressed. 

If it all seems overwhelming (quantities of text and images),

my suggestion is 

'make' a catchphrase 

into your Mantra, and 

‘see' things through. 

Catchphrases that often work for me are; 

This too shall pass; 

It's all the same;

It’s only a game; 

Ephemeral and ethereal. 

Just Do It, is my favorite. For, it is on a dimension that is not a winning/losing dimension, but a didyou/didyounot.

My father’s catchphrase was: "Steer clear from complexity, Polish your shoes, and Press on.” Brower Hatcher, Sculptor and Artist (please google) and I did a presentation about it in Philadelphia.. 

Changing metaphors, creating dichotomies and sliding along imaginary dimensions, that’s what it is about to my mind, if you wish to navigate and negotiate Society and Culture.

To understand this, screen and scroll (in your mind) the movies you watched (words spoken and body images) and construct dichotomies and dimensions. There is no right/wrong!

In 448, understanding the notion of dimension is important. 

Picture yourself along a high/low dimension whenever you are interacting with other cultures.

Your position on this dimension is determined by your cultural values (nation, family, etc) and by your personality.

We create dichotomies and dimensions continually. We cook them up. They are imaginary structures. They are our resources and our tools. Often we become inflexible, and then we are stuck under a structure, and success becomes elusive.

Whenever we look at things as dichotomies and dimensions, we are able to understand our differences. It is really about that, isn’t it? Accepting differences.

When you do the final, you are not thinking about such heavy and incomprehensible stuff. 

You are only, sorting, sifting, selecting and substituting. The outcome is Meaning. And you gain Insight. 

We have been doing this since infancy. Please fact check.

I have to stay focused around issues we are dealing with in the fishbowl. 

The Return after going Astray makes success happen, but it is time that Runs Out.

Metaphors and images, Just Do It, she said.

Please see Michael Feret’s posts below. We are each other’s resource. Once you 'get that,' there is no stopping you.

Sanjiv

DIMENSION, DICHOTOMY, IMAGINARY, MANTRA

from the fishbowl...

 ONLINE

michaelferet

Posts: 8

Joined: Mon Jan 23, 2023 2:05 pm

Contact: Contact michaelferet

Letter Deconstructions

post by michaelferet » Mon Apr 24, 2023 1:33 pm

1/26 “Genesis of a fishbowl”

It is important to not just care about quantity but also quality. These are both vital. Everyday we communicate in different ways. This is both virtual and in person and through using thoughts, words, feelings, and images. The digital space is new to many of us but is where we can all build our knowledge together as a community.

1/28 “Living legend”

We can change the way in which we see the world by adopting different words, metaphors, symbols, and images. This can be done through collaboration within the digital space. The fishbowl is a place where we all do well or do not based on each other so we must be aware of our peers. Anything each of us adds brings more value to the fishbowl and it is up to us how we want to interpret that value.

1/30 “Generating text”

Each and every day we are constantly generating text. We use this text to assign meaning to feelings, images, words, thoughts, and life in general. We collect data to help us with this through our observations and draw conclusions about others based on data.

1/31 “Doing of the Social Meeting Exercise”

By collaborating with each other we are not able to just learn from each other but also develop friendships. By doing the social meeting exercise we will be able to examine how things have much more complex structures than what may be seen. These cannot be explained with traditional methods. In conversation we learn about ourselves as well as others. We are observing ourselves observing the group. This allows us to transform and learn to express ourselves through thoughts, feelings, and images.

2/1 “Social Meeting: Interpretive Interactionism”

According to interpretive interactionism we can only obtain meaningful interpretations of human experience by immersing ourselves into that in which we hope to understand. Looking at the social meeting interaction as digging for gold is a great way to symbolically describe the search for knowledge from within each other. If we look at it like this we will immerse ourselves.

2/2 “Why Deconstruct a Text”

By deconstructing a text we are developing our own voice and taking ownership of that text. Taking the meaning of the text further is a mind-set. Every post is taking ownership of a text and putting one’s own voice on it. This allows us to learn from it and treat it as a “watering hole”. There is much to gain from everyone’s different voices and interpretations. Every action done is never unnoticed and we are constantly witnesses, participants, and scribes.

2/3 “Deploying Attention”

By taking original words further and enhance them we are constructing new structures. These structures are not just of the words. They are also of feelings, values, norms, experiences, interpretations, and understanding. This embellishment of words give us far more knowledge and teaches many new structures. We reveal more and more of ourselves every time that we choose words. The attention we show to certain words reveals more about ourselves.

2/3 “Our Mind-Sets”

The old way of looking at definitions in business is defunct and we must change our mind-sets. We determine our mind-sets and old terms that encourage borders such as” domestic” or “overseas” are leaving the business world. The search for meaning is what makes up our mind-sets and this goes all the way to our thoughts. We can find truth by looking for the connection between all of our positive and negative views. The participation and pursuit of opportunities is important to developing a good mind-set.

I

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/24/2023 0:12:33
Subject: reflexive leadership
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. Social-reflexivity is reflecting upon our reflections in a digital, open, or public space. 

May 3rd, at the stroke of mid-night, the fishbowl will begin evaluation. 

For the next ten days, you will be immersed in reflections around the final exercise: 

the interplay between text and image.

Indeed, you have constructed a form of discourse.

How so?

Your fishbowl is all about vocabulary and a sense of audience. 

So what has this got to do with anything, and particularly with business. And what skills have one gained in the fishbowl?

We will reflect more upon this.

The doing of the final steps is the realization and understanding of society and culture as we experience it in the fishbowl.

In your fishbowls, you are "reflexive leaders": reflecting in and on action to strengthen your capacity to learn to lead. 

Please google the term.

You have been organizing words in a chaotic world of imperfect information.

You have been developing social-reflexivity and displaying reflexive leadership.

Congratulations!

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/23/2023 14:24:04
Subject: Doing the Final in MGT448: International Dimensions of Business
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? It is the end of the semester and we will soon be parting company.

Getting to the point: the doing of the Final for MGT448: International Dimensions of Business. 

I lay out the steps below, which are easy to understand, because you have been doing them and watching others doing them, all semester.

By now you have watched the 3 films, and can access them as required. This is important. I attach them below again. You have been asked to see the films as an ethnographer. Watch the words spoken and the facial expressions; constructing context.

What we have been grappling with all semester is the construction of a culture among ourselves in the fishbowl, where each individual is Singular and represents a piece of their own group/national culture. My letters will continue to address such matters until May 3. 

The time frame for responding to letters and completing the Final in MGT448 is by the end of May 3. You have 10 days and you may complete the final any time during this period. It doesn’t take time in the doing. It takes an immersion.

Doing the Final:

According to Hofstede, the five main dimensions for understanding differences in culture are identity, power, gender, uncertainty, and time. 

STEP 1; 

Google Hofstede’s 5 Dimensions of Culture, and 

define (cut and copy) each dimension.

Post a sentence that describes your understanding of each dimension. 

In other words, for each dimension, you are developing (by deconstructing, editing) a structure of words into one sentence.

Show all iterations to view development.

Your sentence is a definition; it is theory. It is a framework. 

Your sentence is a definition of a dimension of differences (high/low) in values.

STEP 2: 

Identify in words, instances (shots, clips, context, interaction) from the films that express differences in culture from your own on each of Hofstede’s 5 dimensions. Identity, Power, Gender, Uncertainty, and Time.

In other words, you are expressing five dimensions and using each dimension to understand cultural differences in Kinky Boots, India, and Chinese cultures.

The doing of the steps does not take time. You have to have a good handle on the films. An ethnographic text (copying words spoken) is helpful because your resource is the text, i.e., the words spoken in the films by the protagonists. This takes time.

Bottom LIne of the Final: You are describing Hofstede’s 5 Dimensions with examples from your personal felt-experiences and from those in the films.

You have 5 Dimensions and 3 Films. That is 15 short paragraphs. Follow KISS principle. I mean that. 

Good luck! We’re in this together. We are not in competition, we are a fishbowl, and our situation is known and visible. There are no surprises.

Sanjiv

Kinky Boots

https://drive.google.com/file/d/12h4f1ET-djdMRthz3Trgz0NM4qWKyy5m/view?usp=sharing

Outsourced

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pFOnJ4i7yBC7AWbzmdR7TlZ_cINUvBMl/view?usp=sharing

Iron and Silk

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1InB5COMuByIncKUshQOZ-arxzXikvt9R/view?usp=sharing

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/21/2023 1:55:10
Subject: juxtaposing to enhance understanding
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? At this point in the semester most of us are in a mental state of high stress around deadlines, promises, commitments, consequences and generally a feeling of being lost. If you are in such a state, please know, the fishbowl is a radically different way of learning where nobody gets left behind nor left out. Learning happens in complex and devious ways, and there is no end to the fishbowl way of thinking.

Please see Christian Evers postings below.

For greater understanding, I am juxtaposing Evers postings next to the last two paragraphs from our Abstract. 

From the Abstract:

Feeling Human

Soft computing is a set of techniques, including genetic algorithms, fuzzy logic and neural networks, that are tolerant of imprecision, uncertainty, partial truth and approximation. However, while human information processing is easy to explain, human subjective experience is difficult. Working in the fishbowl is easier when its just work, like doing vocabulary; it’s much harder when the person actually cares and shares a felt-experience.

Conclusion

Human expertise depends on unconscious instinct rather than conscious symbol manipulation, and on having a "feel" for the situation, rather than explicit symbolic knowledge (Dreyfus, Hubert). Intuition matters more than data because it allows for spontaneity, impulse, instinct and courage. Ideas lead to a result but ideals result in what makes us human. For instance, in the fishbowl, a cardinal principle is doing right matters more than being right. 

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

ChristianEvers

Posts: 11

Joined: Mon Jan 23, 2023 11:03 am

Contact: Contact ChristianEvers

Deploying Attention

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by ChristianEvers » Tue Mar 07, 2023 3:45 pm

Vocab

Embellish: Adding decorative details for cosmetic reasoning

Enhance: Increase or intensify

Repeat: Say or do something multiple times

Construct: To build or erect something

Structure: Arrangement or relations between parts in something complex

Reveal: Make known to others

Attend: To be present

Attention: Taking notice of someone or something

Practice: Application of an idea, belief, or method to approve upon

Deploy: Bring into effective action

Germinating Ideas

Embellish: Embellish NYC clothing brand

Enhance: Further improve the quality, value, or extent of something

Repeat: Listen on repeat free YouTube loop application

Construct: Construct 3 videogame-making software

Structure: Structures of cells within DNA

Reveal: Showing something off for the first time

Attend: To deal with something

Attention: Attention lyrics for Charlie Puth Song

Practice: Practice makes perfect

Deploy: Deploying troops or equipment for military

Images

Embellish: Embroidering a shirt

Enhance: The use of steroids

Repeat: Repeating a sentence to someone

Construct: Construction workers creating a building

Structure: Walls in a building

Reveal: Company revealing a new product

Attend: Attending class every day

Attention: Being attentive in class

Practice: Practicing basketball to become better

Deploy: Deploying military troops to Ukraine

Deconstructing Letters

“Substituting words and constructing new structures”

By carefully using new and certain words, new sentences are made with more meaning. With the utilization of new words, better accuracy and clarity can be achieved.

ChristianEvers

Posts: 11

Joined: Mon Jan 23, 2023 11:03 am

Contact: Contact ChristianEvers

Our Mind-Sets

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by ChristianEvers » Tue Mar 07, 2023 4:02 pm

Vocab

Defunct: No longer existing or functioning

Obsolete: No longer produced or used

Insular: Ignorant or uninterested in culture

Boundary: A line that marks the limits of an area

Distinction: Difference or a contrast between similar things or people

Definition: What a word or something means

Germinating Ideas

Defunct: Not operating anymore

Obsolete: Going out of date

Insular: Relating to or from an island

Boundary: A dividing line

Distinction: Excellence that sets people are apart

Definition: Webster’s dictionary

Images

Defunct: Machine breaking

Obsolete: Old iPhones not being used

Insular: Someone who is racist

Boundary: Outside line for a football field

Distinction: Seeing the differences between cultural foods

Definition: Doing vocab for this class

Deconstructing Letters

“Old definitions in business, as in most disciplines, are now defunct”

Business is constantly changing, meaning the norm is becoming out of date and there is new aspects becoming the norm.

ChristianEvers

Posts: 11

Joined: Mon Jan 23, 2023 11:03 am

Contact: Contact ChristianEvers

An example of "plane of immanence"

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by ChristianEvers » Tue Apr 11, 2023 4:27 pm

Vocab

Stream: Small, Shallow river

Discern: Perceive or recognize

Inherent: Existing in something, being an essential attribute

Pattern: A repeated and replicated arrangement

Perspective: Attitude towards an event or life in general

Development: Creating something

Growth: Increasing in size

Weave: Intertwining threads together

Infinite: Never ending

Possibility: The idea that something could or could not happen

Germinating Ideas

Stream: Stream Energy Company

Discern: Distinguishing something or someone from another

Inherent: Being a permanent element of something

Pattern: Pattern Beauty Curl Care Company

Perspective: the art of drawing two-dimensional objects on paper

Development: Process of developing or being developed

Growth: Something that has grown or is growing

Weave: Weave communications

Infinite: Infinite Action/sci-fi movie

Possibility: Possibility - song by Lykke LI

Images

Stream: A river flowing into a pond

Discern: Recognizing a problem on a test

Inherent: Inherent risk

Pattern: Pattern on a knitted sweater

Perspective: Someone being a pessimistic

Development: Developing film after taking photos

Growth: A kid growing taller

Weave: A woman’s wig

Infinite: Infinite amount of numbers

Possibility: The possibility to fall going up steps

Deconstructing Letters

“Each posting that every single one of you has made in the fishbowl is from a ‘plane of immanence.'”

Each post in the fishbowl is deeper than a post. It is something an individual added to a group. Furthermore, a post is content giving insight into one’s mind.

ChristianEvers

Posts: 11

Joined: Mon Jan 23, 2023 11:03 am

Contact: Contact ChristianEvers

Meanings Transformations and Mediations: A Reading Strategy

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Unread post by ChristianEvers » Thu Apr 20, 2023 4:01 pm

Vocab

Reading: The process of reading written words or letters

Mediation: Involving a third person or mediator as a supervisor

Memory: Act of thinking about something that has happened in the past

Image: Representation fo external form of something

Feeling: An emotional State or reaction

Experience: Former undergoing or being exposed to a process

Transformation: Change from one thing to another

Meaning: The intention to share an idea or concept

Interpretation: How someone understands a concept

Germinating Ideas

Reading: Schools race to teach reading to third graders disrupted by the pandemic

Mediation: Family Lawyers

Memory: Memory Movie

Image: An Image of an eye

Feeling: Emojis

Experience: The process of growing knowledge

Transformation: a thorough or dramatic change in appearance or form

Meaning: What is meant by a word

Interpretation: The action of explaining the meaning of something

Images

Reading: Reading a book

Mediation: Therapy session

Memory: Thinking about childhood events

Image: Creating posts for the starfish

Feeling: Burning the roof of your mouth on food

Experience: writing down past jobs on a resume

Transformation: Transformers in the movie

Meaning: What is the meaning of the Inception movie is

Interpretation: Trying to understand accounting problems

Deconstructing Letters

“That our interpretation of the text being read, done in the present, transforms the original meaning”

How someone understands a topic can alter its original purpose. With different perspectives there come different meanings.

ChristianEvers

Posts: 11

Joined: Mon Jan 23, 2023 11:03 am

Contact: Contact ChristianEvers

FLOW

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Unread post by ChristianEvers » Thu Apr 20, 2023 4:11 pm

Vocab

Flow: The direction and how something moves

Stream: A small narrow river

Scroll: The act of going through a document or information

Screen: A flat surface that displays video or images

Movement: An act of changing physical location

Compose: To create something

Combine: To put two or more things together

Prerogative: A right or privilege to do something

Germinating Ideas

Flow: Flow Blockchain

Stream: Stream Powered Games

Scroll: A roll or parchment with writing or painting on it

Screen: GNU Screen software

Movement: What is movement gym

Compose: To constitute or make up something as a whole

Combine: Unite, merge

Prerogative: An exclusive right distributed by government

Images

Flow: A river flowing down rocks

Stream: Streaming netflix

Scroll: Scrolling on social media

Screen: Screen on my computer

Movement: Running to class

Compose: Composing an essay for a class

Combine: NFL Combine

Prerogative: Freedom of speech

Deconstructing Letters

“Your text flows in the fishbowl because they are ‘writing in movement.’”

Writing posts in the fishbowl is putting knowledge and one’s perspective into text. This allows a person’s thoughts to be clearly shown in writing.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/19/2023 16:21:02
Subject: Steps for the Final in MGT345: Business and Society
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. I wish you a renewed resolve for completing the semester.

I. 

Your Final in MGT345: Business and Society is an exercise in ‘understanding’ and ‘realizing’ four characteristics attributed to successful trans-national businesses. 

In their book ‘Managing Across Borders,’ Bartlett and Ghoshal (please google) assert that businesses need to organize themselves in a dramatically different way if they are to survive and flourish in the global business arena. 

Business in a Society, as depicted in the films ‘Beautiful People’ and ‘Kinky Boots,’ asserts that a key strategic capability lies in exploiting one’s knowledge through worldwide 'diffusion and adaptation.' 

If we are to cope with a complex environment, we must have an equally complex and multi-faceted business strategy. We must become what Bartlett and Ghoshal call a “transnational corporation.” According to an empirical study conducted by the authors, such an organization has the following four characteristics: 

Integrated Networking Structure

Dynamic Decision-Making

Adaptive Coordination Mechanisms

Unique Innovative Capabilities

Each of these 4 characteristics implies a sophisticated understanding of and ability to manage a business successfully in a culturally diverse society.

For the Final, you are applying 10 steps for each of the characteristics listed above.

The steps are enumerated below. They are specific, pragmatic, easy to follow and do.

You have been doing them all semester.

I call it: sorting, sifting, selecting, substituting

It is important to have finished watching the two films, because you want to go back-and-forth with your text generated in the final. 

Snippets from moving images. 

The flow and flux of life, captured in the moment. 

Working with metaphors, symbols and word-images. 

You are free to begin working on the Final. Yours is a work in progress that ends at the appointed hour.

II.

10 Steps for ‘realizing’ and ‘understanding’ the 4 characteristics of transnational corporations. 

These characteristics are not unlike what you have been doing in the fishbowl:

Step 1. (1 mt) Opening Structure

Start with the first characteristic, in this instance, “An integrated networking structure.” 

Step 2. (15 mts) Word-Pool 

Gather similar words (as many as you see fit) for each of the three words in Step I. 

Use a good dictionary/thesaurus. It is your tool box. Don’t leave home without it! 

In other words, create a word-pool of similar words for each of the selected words.

You can widen your word-pool by taking the words still further. Good policy to follow, for good decisions.

This is chalking the field.

Laying the ground work.

Scoping possibilities.

It is also, lining up the ducks. 

Looking at what you got to play with.

Think of landscape designing as a metaphor.

Step 3. (20 mts) Re-structure

Construct a Single sentence structure from your word-pool. 

This construction shows your vision and path that you intend to follow on your journey of understanding and realization.

Spend thought on this construction: one sentence, arrived at iteratively. 

You are not restricted to the original words in Step 1: integrated, networking, structure. 

Substitute original words (integrated, networking, structure) for better understanding.

How so? 

Simplify the word (by substituting from dictionary), 

simplify the word further (substitute the word again), 

and then simplify yet again (substitute the word yet again) 

is the name of the game. 

The journey, I should say. All metaphors!

 

Edit and re-edit and show your iterations is the best policy to follow for transparency.

Where’s my dictionary, she cried.

Tip from experience: first write out a paragraph encompassing the words in your word pool. 

This is your initial understanding, and then edit and re-edit down to a sentence. 

Using your dictionary through-out. Like an astronomical chart.

Chiseling down to a structure, like a sculptor would do. 

Metaphor again!

Ultimately, it is your own process, your own individuality. We are singular beings.

Step 4. (30 mts) Felt-Experience 

Express a felt-experience that “fits" the sentence structure in Step 3 above. 

It is a short paragraph in the first person. A personal experience, an incident.

What makes its expression difficult is that it has to “fit" Step 3.

The sentence structure in Step 3 is the abstract form, and the felt-experience in Step 4 is the content that fits the form. 

Form and content go together. 

But you created the form first, and then fitted the content. 

Generally it is the other way round. We abstract from experience, which comes before the abstraction.

Cop out: you can use content from the films to “fit" your structures.

The felt-experience is a description of what happened; an incident from your past. 

Start with identifying the feeling that you are describing. 

Put a word to the feeling.

The focus is on the feeling at the time of the experience. This is key to empowering your text.

Step 5. (5mts) Reductionism 

Reduce your felt-experience paragraph to a Dichotomy. 

Please google Reductionism.

Arbitrarily select two words from your felt-experience paragraph.

The two words must be different from each other. No adjectives. 

No correlation between the two words. This is key. Otherwise, the subsequent outcome is trivial, i.e., no insights are possible and any realization is a far cry.

Your goal is to form meaningful relations between disparate elements. 

Creativity and imagination are key skills at this point of time.

Step 6. (25 Mts) Word-Pool 

Make a word-pool starting with the words in the Dichotomy in Step 5.

Step 7. Structure: Same as Step 3 

Construct a sentence structure of words from your word-pool in Step 6 above. 

Easier when you first write out a paragraph and then cut it down to a key sentence.

Step 8. Felt-experience: Same as Step 4

A felt-experience paragraph that ‘fits’ the above sentence structure.

Step 9. Reduce to a Dichotomy: Same as Sep 5

Select two words from Step 8.

Step 10. (30mts) Self-Reflexivity 

What did you ‘realize’ from the above exercise?

Tip to answer such a question: instinctively, construct a dichotomy and follow the process above.

*************

III. 

In Conclusion

What you are doing in these 10 steps is basically constructing two abstract sentence structures and 2 felt-experiences to go with each of them.

You are doing this four times as there are four characteristics. 

You are creating form/content. 

You are distinguishing particular/universal. 

You are differentiating general/specific. 

It is your individual abstract theory/felt-experience.

Finally, always follow the KISS principle. Please see Emily Polkowski’s reflections below for further clarifications.

Sanjiv

REDUCTION, DICHOTOMY, DISPARATE, ELEMENT, CONSTRUCT, RELATION, REALIZE

From the fishbowl…

emilypolkowski

Posts: 113

Joined: Mon Jan 23, 2023 10:24 am

Re: Letter Deconstruction

Post by emilypolkowski » Mon Mar 27, 2023 1:17 pm

Authorship of the Abstract

"I would like to remind you, getting co-authorship means you are taking ownership of your text."

Ownership means the right of possessing something. In this case, the words we construct in the fishbowl are owned by our self. We choose the words that we construct, therefore we are they only ones who create them. The words do not come from what others think, but from what we think.

Post by emilypolkowski » Mon Mar 27, 2023 1:29 pm

Evaluating your fishbowl

"The quantity and quality of your reflections is what makes the difference. "

The difference between quantity and quality is that quality is the fetures of something while quantity is the number of something. In this case, the amount of times we post in the fishbowl refers to the quantity and the elements of what is written refers to the quality. Since there is a distinction or difference between quality and quantity, our reflections or posting can contain one or both.

Post by emilypolkowski » Mon Mar 27, 2023 1:44 pm

Reflection: on this, that and the other

"But you are forced to put time aside and focus on words."

Posting in the fishbowl from reading the letters is not hard, but it is time consuming. We read through each sentence and select one that resonates with us. Sometimes it can be challenging because not everything jumps out at us. We take time to sort, sift, and select. I think about reading a book. It is no challenge to read, but it is time consuming. It is up to the individual to put in the time to sit down and read a book.

Post by emilypolkowski » Wed Mar 29, 2023 4:09 pm

What lies ahead...

"When watching the film, generate an ethnographic text."

Pick out words in the film that can be deconstructed and applied to how we live our lives. We are relating the material and words to times in our lives. An ethnographic example is studying people and culture which is what we will be doing in while watching Beautiful People. In one of my business classes, I am studying the way people act in the workplace. I notice things like motivation or stress that we experience in a work culture. It is important to notice these factors because we apply it to our lives and learn from others.

Post by emilypolkowski » Wed Apr 12, 2023 1:49 pm

Socially constructing reality

"We have established processes and practices, where language and action are intertwined in a “game" of sorting, sifting, selecting, and substituting. "

Our postings in the fishbowl is a form of a game where we are eager to learn something new or be put up for a challenge. We do this everyday from choosing which sentence resonates with us, then truly understanding its meaning. I think about going to the gym. It is a game or a challenge for me that I would like to engage in. Not only are postings in the fishbowl a practice that by contributing more will help us become smarter and better, activities like going to the gym count as a established practice.

Post by emilypolkowski » Sun Apr 16, 2023 11:24 pm

Watching films

"To that end, in the fishbowl, we are raising the question: what are we doing together and, how does a business survive in such a Society in this millennium?"

Living in a young millennium consists of new ideas and innovation from the new generations. These times and especially businesses have evolved from what they used to be. In a society, people need to work together to create new innovating ideas. We contributed ideas together in a society. The fishbowl is an example of this where we all contribute our thoughts and ideas. We are listening to others thoughts to help us expand our knowledge.

Post by emilypolkowski » Sun Apr 16, 2023 11:37 pm

Beautiful People (MGT345)

"The film is a montage of different frames; a movement of images within each frame, and whenever they intersect, new alignments are formed."

The film is constantly changing scenes, giving new information to the audience. Different pieces are constantly being put together when switching scenes of the film. This is an interesting way of filming because it makes the audience engaged and want to follow along with the plot. The audiences moods shift after one image is shown after another. We understand parts of the film further when certain images are shown.

Post by emilypolkowski » Tue Apr 18, 2023 1:19 pm

Cultivate attitude, position, or posture

"Your work is perceived as a contribution. It is what you are bringing to the table. It is a pot-luck feast."

We participate in the fishbowl to bring about a result or to help ideas advance. A potluck feast is where people bring a dish to a meal and it is a metaphor in this example. In relation to the postings in the fishbowl, we post our ideas to the fishbowl which we all feed off of. I think about the example of contributing to a group project. We bring an idea to the group that will help better the group. The more we contribute, the more it will help us all.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/18/2023 14:19:40
Subject: exploring differences in culture: doing the final in MGT448 (Part 1)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

For the Final in MGT448:

International Dimensions of Business 

you are 

exploring differences 

in thinking and social action

 

that exist between yourself and people doing business in 3 different cultures:

You are witnessing them on a moving screen of images, contexts, frames, scenes, shots, happenings, interactions, conversations. (please google Movement Image and Deleuze).

You are bringing an ethnomethodological perspective (please google) to your exploration of differences:

Difference Between Yourself

and people in: 

1. Kinky Boots

2. Outsourced

3. Iron and Silk

What is Culture:

Geert Hofstede (please google) defines culture as "the collective programming of the mind which distinguishes the members of one human group from another." 

Hofstede argues that we carry “mental programs” (images and word-structures) which are developed in the family in early childhood and reinforced in schools and organizations, and that these mental programs contain a component of one's culture. 

Mental programs are most clearly expressed in different values (words) that predominate among people from different cultures. 

Cultures are shared systems of symbols and meanings. Culture is symbolically coded and therefore, can be taught from one person to another. 

Your values are expressed whenever you select words to form a symbolic system (please google).

Values are historically selected words. 

Our selections in the fishbowl (after sifting, sorting, and substituting) words says everything about our values.

"Culture consists in patterned was of thinking, feeling and reacting, acquired and transmitted mainly by symbols, constituting the distinctive achievements of human groups, including their embodiments in artifacts; the essential core of culture consists of traditional (i.e. historically derived and selected) ideas and especially their attached values.” (please google Kluckhohn, 1951)

Question 1:

Mental program can be found at the universal, the collective, and individual level. 

Please identify instances (words spoken) in the 3 films, one for each of the three levels of mental programs.

Thank you. More questions will follow. Please watch the films first and copy the words spoken. Please see Des Hatika’s posting below.

Sanjiv

MENTAL, PROGRAM, UNIVERSAL, COLLECTIVE, INDIVIDUAL, VALUES, SYMBOLIC, CODE

c: MGT 345

from the fishbowl...

deshatika

Posts: 133

Joined: Mon Jan 23, 2023 2:07 pm

post by deshatika » Mon Apr 17, 2023 4:47 pm

Active Listening

"Active Listener"- Active listening goes beyond passive hearing, as it involves understanding the meaning and intent behind the words spoken by another person. It requires active participation in the communication process, making it a vital communication skill. Active listening keeps you engaged in a positive manner with your conversation partner, making them feel heard and valued. It forms the basis of successful conversations in any setting, such as work, home, or social interactions. When practicing active listening, you are fully present and immersed in the speaker's words and their underlying significance.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/31/2023 14:33:28
Subject: cultivate attitude, position, or posture
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

You can enter the fishbowl anytime in the semester and complete the course. There is no prejudicial assessment. You are assessed on your learning activity and creative action in the fishbowl. 

However, if you are aiming for an A in the course, you have to start with the first letter and move upwards. 

Plus, your work must be posted in the fishbowl because it is a shared space. 

Your work is perceived as a contribution. It is what you are bringing to the table. It is a pot-luck feast (metaphor, symbol, word-image). It is overwhelming! But you eat only as much as you can digest.

"You are not alone with the Instructor! You are not an Elephant sitting on a tiny stool and the fishbowl is not a Circus tent.” “The fishbowl is more akin to a Carnival!” 

“These are all metaphors, symbols, word-images.” 

“We deconstruct each, in order to understand our actions, behaviors and decisions, and reconstruct them to create something new.”

 "I am not afraid," she declared, "because in a Carnival, I can get lost.”

“You’re stalking me again,” I replied.

Four things in the fishbowl: Vocabulary, Google Searches, Deconstructions and Exercises.

The attitude you choose at any moment predetermines the quality and success of your endeavor. 

Cultivate attitude. 

Be purposeful and conscious in choosing the appropriate attitude for each and every occasion. Attitude, like attention, is one of the few things in life that one can control and be responsible for.

It is attitude, position or posture. Roughly translated, it means to behave in a certain way. The words describe a conscious or unconscious physical and mental posture (attitude, position) in relation to other people, surrounding or situations.

Whenever you cultivate the right attitude or position in the fishbowl, you can significantly contribute to the outcome of your posting.

In the fishbowl, we are not so much expressing feelings, but rather ’showing attitudes.’ Attitude is the basic posture that informs any particular exchange between us and conveys specific attitudes toward others.

Please see Phillip Esposito’s attitude, position and posture in his deconstructions below.

Sanjiv

CULTIVATE, ATTITUDE, POSITION, POSTURE

from the fishbowl...

philipesposito77

Posts: 87

Joined: Mon Jan 23, 2023 2:08 pm

Re: Letter 20: Deconstruction

post by philipesposito77 » Sat Mar 04, 2023 2:23 pm

I decided to dissect the following:

"We’re developing a process and a practice that will result in outcomes and consequences."

The process and practice we are developing will lead to specific outcomes or consequences, which may be positive or negative depending on how the process is implemented and engaged in. In other words, we are taking an approach to achieve specific goals or objectives.

post by philipesposito77 » Wed Mar 22, 2023 12:18 pm

I have decided to dissect the following,

“If we don’t understand how our thinking processes work, we can’t change anything, nor do we grow.”

This may be my favorite quote from a letter at any point this semester because it is so true. To me this phrase emphasizes the importance of understanding ones thoughts and emotions, and how they shape our experiences and interactions with the world. By being more mindful and intentional in our thinking process, we can facilitate personal growth and positive change. Without this awareness, we may remain stagnant and unable to progress forward.

post by philipesposito77 » Thu Mar 30, 2023 11:37 pm

I decided to deconstruct the following:

“Our fishbowl postings illustrate the complex yet fragile and tentative webs of meaning”

This quote really stuck with me because I strongly believe that each individual has their own unique prospective and understanding of things. It can be quite a challenge to fully comrehend and appreciate other people's thoughts and viewpoints. I personlly believe that just because someone's beliefs and opinions are different from my own, it doesn't necessarily mean that their interpretation is incorrect. As a learner, I often find myself uncertain about what the right answer is, as there can be multiple valid perspectives. But I believe that by sharing and combining our diverse thoughts and perceptions, we can create a powerful web of meanings that has the potential to become something truly amazing.

post by philipesposito77 » Thu Mar 30, 2023 11:49 pm

Dissected : “words, images and ideas are not neutral reflections of reality.”

In my view, words images, and ideas are not neutral reflections of reality because we are all shaped by our own unique perspectives and biases. When we communicate, we make choices about what to include and what to leave out, which can be influenced by our beliefs, assumptions, and cultural norms. We should be aware of our own limitations and biases in order to communicate more openly and understand the complexities of reality better.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/28/2023 12:42:01
Subject: Beautiful People (MGT 345)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? Referring to the film 'Beautiful People,' in MGT345: Business and Society.

The film is a montage of different frames; a movement of images within each frame, and whenever they intersect, new alignments are formed.

What is depicted (my interpretation and opinion) in the film is a new 'form of society’ known as The Network Society. 

Similar to your experience of Society in a fishbowl, the network society has come about by a number of major social, technological, economic and cultural transformations.

We live in confusing times, as is often the case in periods of historical transition between different 'forms of society.' 

This is because the intellectual categories (structures of words; mental constructs; symbolic structures) that we use to understand what happens around us were coined in different circumstances, and we can hardly grasp what is new by referring to the past, as we see time and again in the film.

The urgency for a new approach to understanding the kind of economy, culture, and society in which we live is heightened by the humungous crises and conflicts that we are facing today.

Please see Emma Grant's postings in the fishbowl about the film Beautiful People.

Coming up:

1. we will define and theoretically understand the film Beautiful People as a Network Society.

2. we will identify four skills necessary to succeed doing business in a Network Society.

3. The Final 10 steps to realize and show case the above skills.

"The fishbowl is an assemblage of beautiful people," she noticed.

"Assemblage is one of my favorite words," he replied.

Sanjiv

MONTAGE, FRAME, IMAGE, MOVEMENT, INTERSECT, ALIGNMENT, DEPICT, FORM, SOCIETY

from the fishbowl...

emmagrant

Posts: 108

Joined: Mon Jan 23, 2023 10:46 am

Re: Emma Grant: Interactive Assignments

Post by emmagrant » Mon Mar 27, 2023 4:28 pm

What lies ahead...

Beautiful People Movie

1. Scene: in the hospital, the Mrs. Hadzibegovic (MH) is desperately trying to get the attention of Dr. Mouldy (DM) while he is on the phone with his wife about his failing marriage.

DM: You should be in your room

MH: please, please (while tugging his arm)

DM drops the phone and follows MH into her room

DM: Come on, tell me about it. Sit down. Now what's wrong? Hmm?

MH: Dr. Mouldy, please. No baby. No baby

DM: It's alright, it's alright. Young mothers are often very frightened and very anxious when it comes to delivery and that's natural, it's quite natural

MH: no natural

DM: you're a young, healthy woman. I promise you everything will be fine - really

MH: please Dr. Mouldy, no baby. please

DM: Oh, um, now... now your baby sleep. sleep. ummmm, in your belly, yes? Umm, tomorrow baby out and everybody, everybody, everybody happy.

MH: no, no everybody happy Dr. Mouldy

DM: alright, ummm well i'm going to get some medicine to help you feel better, I promise it won't hurt the baby. you just stay here, yes? stay here, everything will be fine. Don't worry, stay here. Good girl.

2. Deconstructing sentences and adding felt experiences

"please, please"

This woman is in a strange country, scared, and alone dealing with the idea of having a baby in such a scary and tumultuous time in her life (and her whole world). It is later discovered that her baby is the result of a rape and she feel that her baby is her enemy.

It can be challenging to be stuck in a situation you feel there is no way out of. This storyline reminds me so much of stories of young women who feel trapped by motherhood and the ups and downs that come along with it. Often, we feel thrust into new situation we are not quite ready for (although, fortunately not quite as extreme as this one) and we must use our morals, background, feelings, and experiences to guide us forward, to find a way through it all, and to continue on with our lives. We learn and grow and accept until we are able to get through it, just like this young woman did.

"tomorrow baby out and everybody, everybody, everybody happy"

Dr. Mouldy quite literally has no idea what to say to this woman to help her feel better - the language barrier is getting the best of both of them and despite the desire for connection, there is not much that is able to be said. This reminded me of an experience I had on a recent trip to Guatemala. I was there to visit some people that I know but along my journey, met a lot of people who were in need of help, who felt stuck or trapped in their situations. I was sitting at a dinner table with one of them and we were working to try and communicate. He shared with me that he tried to go to America but was caught and sent back and that he just thought if he could get there, get through it, he would be happy. He went on to share, through some broken spanish, that he learned to be happy in Guatemala but it was not an easy journey. This scene reminded me of that because Dr. Moudly is so confident that this woman will be happy once the baby is here when in reality she will only begin to find happiness when she starts to adapt and accept the reality that she has now been thrust into.

"stay here, everything will be fine. Don't worry, stay here."

Dr. Mouldy can barely communicate with this woman through her broken English yet still finds the desire to console here and tell her everything will be fine. This is often what we do, tell ourselves and others it will be okay until it becomes okay again. I can think of countless examples in my life of a similar situation where I maybe didn't feel okay in the moment, couldn't see how something was going to play out or work out, but was told it was going to be okay and not to worry. I was guided by people more confident than me until I grew in the confidence myself and was able to see that really everything will be okay.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/26/2023 15:33:13
Subject: watching films
------------------------------------------------------------
The different films MGT 335 and MGT 448 are watching:

************

MGT335: Business and Society 

Beautiful People

Beautiful People

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Qd1OrIignZTDADnY27nT2fWElVdEdMhX/view?usp=sharing

Reviews:

Time Magazine: “The Best movie of this Young Millennium” 

Los Angeles Times: “Stunning! A Film that Lives up to its Ambitiousness.”

Rolling Stone: "Fierce, Funny and Vividly Moving!”

The film Beautiful People depicts society in our young millennium. 

In the fishbowl, we will be understanding new concepts during the rest of the semester, in order to best theorize about the experience of being alive today in a young millennium. 

To that end, in the fishbowl, we are raising the question: what are we doing together and, how does a business survive in such a Society in this millennium?

***********

MGT448: International Dimensions of Business 

Kinky Boots

Kinky Boots

https://drive.google.com/file/d/12h4f1ET-djdMRthz3Trgz0NM4qWKyy5m/view?usp=sharing

"The Movie that inspired the Tony Award-Winning Musical Hit!”

It is a true story of business success. Charlie Price grew up in a shoe factory, Lola grew up loving shoes. When their two different cultures intersect by chance, their lives intertwine in a hilarious and inspiring story of Self-Expression.

*************

reflections from the fishbowl...

maryamghazi

Posts: 110

Joined: Sun Jan 22, 2023 10:28 pm

Re: Letter Deconstruction

Post by maryamghazi » Sun Mar 12, 2023 7:52 pm

this and that

“Your learning is not only carefully thought-out by you, but also deeply felt. Your journey is one of dismantling structures of words.”

In the fishbowl, we use our knowledge and experience to deconstruct and breakdown the letters and the google searches to understand them on a personal and deeper level. We need to deconstruct the letters and google searches in order to understand them and use the knowledge we acquire in the future.

Post by maryamghazi » Sun Mar 12, 2023 7:53 pm

conjuring and generating

“Vocabulary is fundamental and unique to each and every human being.”

Everyone uses vocabulary in their own way and to their own advantage. When we speak, we use words based on our previous knowledge and experience and often mean it in a certain way. But our audience understands it based on their knowledge and experience and often understands our words in a different manner than we meant.

post by maryamghazi » Sat Mar 25, 2023 5:26 pm

the 'immaterial'

“What is felt in the heart (experience) is difficult to express in words.”

Our everyday emotions, thoughts, and experiences can be very complex and difficult to convey in words alone. This is because experiences are subjective and unique to each individual, and language often falls short in accurately capturing and expressing those experiences.

 post by maryamghazi » Sat Mar 25, 2023 5:26 pm

evaluating your fishbowl

“You have constituted a kind of laboratory for experimentation in new forms of thinking and testing the effects of new ideas, strategies, and organizations.”

We experiment with our thoughts in the fishbowl by taking ideas from the letters and each other to create new ideas. We form new ways of thinking and understanding our surroundings, especially everything in the fishbowl.

 post by maryamghazi » Sat Mar 25, 2023 5:26 pm

Reflection: on this, that and the other

“I've found going away to be useful for our purposes because we get to experience The Return.”

Going away refers to taking a break or stepping back from a situation or environment, in our case it is the Fishbowl we stepped away from for a week. This allowed us to return with a fresh perspective or renewed energy. This can be helpful in gaining new insights and approaching things with a renewed sense of purpose.

 post by maryamghazi » Sat Mar 25, 2023 5:27 pm

what lies ahead...

“Framing scenes and movement of events within the frame.”

Framing scenes and movement of events within the frame are important elements of visual storytelling and they will greatly impact the effectiveness and impact of the visual work.

 post by maryamghazi » Sat Mar 25, 2023 5:27 pm

socially constructing reality

“By socially playing our game in a fishbowl, we understand and experience our reality.”

The game we play in the fishbowl consists of the words and images we use to share our ideas and experiences. Selecting and using specific words and images in the fishbowl help us fully share and understand and create our reality.

Top

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/25/2023 12:16:22
Subject: socially constructing reality
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. Hence forth, everything we talk about is explaining the Final. The goal is to have a stress-free closure.

You must get the movies (Kinky Boots for 448 and Beautiful People for 345) out of the way this weekend, because my letters will make better sense.

Please see Grace Stellato’s reflections below. She is working on the surface of complex concepts.

The bottom line is that words, images, and ideas are the means through which we socially make our reality.

We are doing so in the fishbowl.

We are socially making a reality with our selected words, images and ideas.

“Just a lot of individuals developing theories," she complained.

We have established processes and practices, where language and action are intertwined in a “game" of sorting, sifting, selecting, and substituting. 

By socially playing our game in a fishbowl, we understand and experience our reality. 

We are shaping our world in the fishbowl through the constructs (forms of words), actions (choices), and processes (methods) embedded in the game.

We are focusing on language (words) as a means of revealing the role of words (images and metaphors) in the 'social construction' (please google) of reality.

Social constructionism is a theory of knowledge that holds that characteristics typically thought to be immutable and solely biological—such as gender, race, class, ability, and sexuality—are products of human definition and interpretation shaped by cultural and historical contexts. Examples of social constructs include race, gender, nationality, childhood, madness, age, intelligence, and beauty. 

Sanjiv

MAKE, PLAY, GAME, EMBED, ESTABLISH, SHAPE, CREATE, CONSTRUCTS

from the fishbowl...

gracestellato

Posts: 76

Joined: Mon Jan 23, 2023 12:14 pm

Contact: Contact gracestellato

Re: Deconstruction thread

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by gracestellato » Wed Mar 22, 2023 9:09 pm

Deconstruction of "Language Game 1" letter:

"Language and reality are interwoven. The skill being developed in the fishbowl is to create a kind of “language game” (please google Wittgenstein and Language Game) through which we engage, understand and experience our reality in a fishbowl. We are shaping our world through the constructs, actions, and processes already embedded in our game.. We are living our language as part of a broader activity or “form of life.” Or as Heidegger has put it, “language speaks us as much as we speak language.” Please see the next letter Language Game (2)."

The quote I chose from this letter is interesting to me because of the idea of language and reality being intertwined together. Our language makes up our reality because it shows how our perspectives are put into the world in order to communicate with others and how we feed off each others languages. This is an interesting concept because just like in the fishbowl, our understanding and experience becomes our reality. Our language comes from our experiences and understandings and becomes our reality. Our individual worlds are shaped through how our actions progress through our changing perspectives and realities. We are living through our languages and sharing them to the people around us whose experiences change because of it. Our language is a broader form of our lives and changes the more experiences we receive. As much as we speak our languages, languages speak to us.

Top

gracestellato

Posts: 76

Joined: Mon Jan 23, 2023 12:14 pm

Contact: Contact gracestellato

Re: Deconstruction thread

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by gracestellato » Thu Mar 23, 2023 7:51 pm

Deconstruction for "Language Game (2)" letter:

"In the fishbowl, we subscribe to this newer view or perspective. It can be found in the works of the later Wittgenstein (1958) and thinkers like Derrida, Gadamer and Rorty. They all emphasize (and this is important to understand) that there are no sharp distinctions between subjective and objective worlds and that language and reality are part of an integrated life-world, in and through which our realities in fishbowls are coproduced."

In the quote above from this letter, I personally found it interesting how its emphasized that there are no sharp distinctions between subjective and objective worlds. After googling "subjective and objective worlds", I found that subjective is referred to personal perspectives and preferences on the world, and what we observe. IN contrast, objective is referred to as not being influenced by or based on personal viewpoints. But in this quote, it is said that they is no sharp distinction between the two worlds. I believe this is because though an objective world is not solely from a persons perspective, it is still an observation that we as people have created over time through our own experiences and perceptions. The two collide in a way where our perspectives have created the observations in our worlds. Also, the quote says how language and reality are part of an integrated life-world, meaning that our different languages and realities are apart of our world as a whole and makes up everything in our perception.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/24/2023 14:44:54
Subject: what lies ahead...
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? What lies ahead...

Until the last day of classes, you are expected to respond to the letters in the same way you have been doing thus far. 

You are developing ideas (knowing and knowledge) when applying the following methodologies: social constructivism, reflexivity, participant observation, symbolic interactionism, phenomenology and ethnomethodology. 

You must have a working definition for each in your notes. They will prove useful to you after you graduate. 

There are some critical concepts we have yet to cover, like, Reflexive Leadership and First Person Action Research. 

 

I will be giving you specific steps for doing the Final.

Nothing new.

The Final is different between the two courses, but the methodologies being applied are the same.

In doing the Final, you become a Movie Director. To direct a movie is to tell your story from behind a camera. 

Framing scenes and movement of events within the frame.

The Final is the ability to express from behind the camera --- as opposed to being in front of the camera where you have to act.

For this week, please watch the movie for MGT 448 (Kinky Boots) and MGT 345 (Beautiful People), and do the following exercise: 

When watching the film, generate an ethnographic text.

That is, 

1. Take down words spoken (action) within a scene (context, framework). 

The best practice is to copy subtitles, if there are any.

2. Deconstruct three (sentence) structures from above, and infuse felt-experiences from your past.

Thank you.

Sanjiv

FRAME, SCENE, CONTEXT, MOVEMENT, EVENT

att/

For MGT448 (International Business): Kinky Boots

For MGT345 (Business and Society): Beautiful People 

Kinky Boots

https://drive.google.com/file/d/12h4f1ET-djdMRthz3Trgz0NM4qWKyy5m/view?usp=sharing

Beautiful People

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Qd1OrIignZTDADnY27nT2fWElVdEdMhX/view?usp=sharing

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/23/2023 15:36:36
Subject: Reflection: on this, that and the other
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Several observations about the Self in the fishbowl; about our structures, both material and immaterial. More on that later.

I've found going away to be useful for our purposes because we get to experience The Return.

Several things. 

Our trajectory, for one, is at an inflection point.

When are we going to sight land, having been adrift, and now this hiatus!

She demanded to know.

These are your metaphors, I responded.

The power of metaphors, she retorted.

Reducing Anxiety by Jumping in:

If you haven’t jumped in yet, the best way is to start at the beginning. 

With the first letter, and with every letter thereafter, forge your own trajectory of thoughts and ideas. And go as far as you can. The rest can be accomplished any time in the future. The sequence of letters and the learning is set up like that. We are trying to be a society and establish a culture. 

Most of our learning in the fishbowl is copying, selecting and reconstructing. Nothing difficult nor complicated. It is repeating and tweaking and taking further, whenever you dare. Nothing you cannot do. Please see Grace Stellato’s postings below.

But you are forced to put time aside and focus on words. 

Inescapably, you become aware of the Self, a Being in context, because you are making a selection and exercising a choice that will have consequences down the written line.

We need evidence in a fishbowl that you exist as a human, and you are not a robot. 

We are human whenever we are vulnerable.

We have been following a process and have set up a practice in the fishbowl. 

We need to take it to the next level and experience the Abstract in its entirety, particularly the Conclusion paragraph (please check). 

The part of being human and not a machine. The part about the unconscious instinct and the feel for a situation. Our responses are intuitive, like a response to this letter.

Submitting an Abstract of our work is a potential contribution to the world of 'reflective inquiry’ (please google). 

By submitting ourselves to public scrutiny and being reviewed by experts (Edulearn23) is a journey that does not end but begins here. 

Research shows if you stay the course, you reach the Top of the Heap in ten years. 

Being Top Dog means you get to Call the Shots.

Sanjiv

UNCONSCIOUS, INSTINCT, INTUITIVE, SELF, BEING, CONTEXT, INFLECTION, SCRUTINY, 

from the fishbowl...

gracestellato

Posts: 73

Joined: Mon Jan 23, 2023 12:14 pm

Re: Deconstruction thread

Post by gracestellato » Mon Feb 27, 2023 1:25 pm

Deconstruction of "linguistic and spatial turns" letter:

"That is to say, in the fishbowl, you are not performing as enacting a script but as creating effects. Performative writing (please google) allows for a closer examination of human experience, “where the raw and the genuine find their articulation through form, through poetic expression, through art”."

The quote above resonates with me because I agree with the feelings attached to performance writing that this quote describes. When I am completing performance type writing, I am allowing for a closer examination of my personal experience of looking into the letters given to me. My experience is my writing from my perspective of the different texts. It is my raw and genuine poetic expression, through art forms. To me performance writing is my true feelings and perspectives on words written in different forms. The way I see these words formed together is different than how anyone else views them in the letters. This is interesting to think about because it shows how each of our human experiences interpret writing pieces. It is where we are finding our articulation in the writing in a genuine and natural form. We are creating art through our expressions and feelings into our writing.

Re: Deconstruction thread

Post by gracestellato » Wed Mar 01, 2023 2:13 pm

Deconstruction for "artificial intelligence as metaphor for the fishbowl":

"So how do we use AI as a metaphor for understanding the Fishbowl? The question is a relevant one because we are in the business of creating knowing in a knowledge economy. And intelligence and knowledge building are not far removed."

To use AI as a metaphor for understanding the Fishbowl, to me personally I believe its used by a metaphor because we are creating a new experience into existence of our minds interpreting the same letters into so many different words and meanings. Artificial intelligence comes into play with that because we are using new words and twisting them artificially at times from our initial experience of the texts. The way we are looking at each other think and share new perspectives in the Fishbowl is like how artificial intelligence does the same exact thing and feeds off of what others do and say. This is interesting to think about because artificial intelligence is feeding off of others intelligence and perspectives, in the Fishbowl we are similarly doing the same when we are reading others perspectives in the letters and feeding off of them, altering our mindsets as well.

Re: Deconstruction thread

Post by gracestellato » Tue Mar 07, 2023 7:50 pm

Deconstruction for "post-structuralism":

"Post structuralism evolved in the late 1960s as a critique of structuralist theory. The basis of post structuralist theories lies in the belief of the inadequacy of language. Jacques Derrida's theory of difference proposed that meaning is inherently unstable due to the play of signs within language.” (wiki)

This quote from wiki was interesting to me because prior to reading this letter, I was not aware of post-structuralism. After reading this quote, to me post-structuralism is how through language, we can communicate on a far more redefined level and has made a turn from the structuralist theory. Also, meanings of different words or phrases are unstable because of how differently signs of language are interpreted amongst different groups of people. This can depend on a number of factors such as culture, language, or different experiences people have. The perspectives we have also play into how we view meanings on language and how they differ amongst others. Post-structuralism challenged the tenets of structuralism, which previously held over interpretation of language and texts.

Re: Deconstruction thread

post by gracestellato » Wed Mar 22, 2023 8:51 pm

Deconstruction for "Exercise: View Japanese Story; and, Class Time" letter:

"When we post in the Fishbowl, we are not rewriting what is already written in the letters. Instead, we are note-making or processing the words into our own understanding. There is a greater level of understanding and comprehension when text is stripped down, analyzed, and rephrased in one’s own words. Doing so creates effects -- produces a change in one’s knowledge in order to expand and strengthen their mind." (Winifred Mylan)

When deconstructing this letter, this quote stuck with me because I agree with the writer that I am note-making and processing the words from the letters into my own understanding of them and adding my own perspective into the texts. I believe when I read different words in texts, I am understanding and comprehending them in different ways from others. To me, writing these words is a creation of mine from the effects my brain gets from reading them. In order to expand my knowledge, I need to produce changes of my knowledge in order to understand words and texts in new and different ways. This way, I am learning different ways these words can effect each other and create new meanings.

Re: Deconstruction thread

post by gracestellato » Wed Mar 22, 2023 9:09 pm

Deconstruction of "Language Game 1" letter:

"Language and reality are interwoven. The skill being developed in the fishbowl is to create a kind of “language game” (please google Wittgenstein and Language Game) through which we engage, understand and experience our reality in a fishbowl. We are shaping our world through the constructs, actions, and processes already embedded in our game.. We are living our language as part of a broader activity or “form of life.” Or as Heidegger has put it, “language speaks us as much as we speak language.” Please see the next letter Language Game (2)."

The quote I chose from this letter is interesting to me because of the idea of language and reality being intertwined together. Our language makes up our reality because it shows how our perspectives are put into the world in order to communicate with others and how we feed off each others languages. This is an interesting concept because just like in the fishbowl, our understanding and experience becomes our reality. Our language comes from our experiences and understandings and becomes our reality. Our individual worlds are shaped through how our actions progress through our changing perspectives and realities. We are living through our languages and sharing them to the people around us whose experiences change because of it. Our language is a broader form of our lives and changes the more experiences we receive. As much as we speak our languages, languages speak to us.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/22/2023 14:51:17
Subject: the Abstract is under Review: FYI
------------------------------------------------------------
The abstract has gone for review and I am unable to make any addition/deletion to the author list.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/22/2023 0:06:09
Subject: evaluating your fishbowl
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I trust you got a chance to be outside in this glorious weather.

I. 

Grade evaluation

I did a mid-term evaluation of your work over the spring break and have the following to report regarding 98 participants:

There are 43 who are in the B/B+ category.

(vocabulary + google searches = B/B+ range)

There are 43 who are in the A/A- category.

(B+/B range + deconstructions + exercises = A/A- category)

Getting an A is determined at the very end and is relative. 

The quantity and quality of your reflections is what makes the difference. 

Please make a note of this, because the journey undertaken by the courageous few is sacrosanct. 

12 students have not got their act together yet. 

These are fluid categories and there is room for moving up or down.

II. 

What I perceive from a distance...

You have constituted a kind of laboratory for experimentation in new forms of thinking and testing the effects of new ideas, strategies, and organizations. You are this continually open process of experimentation. You did this by conceiving a revolutionary practice of being in the fishbowl.

Your postings present your concurrent mode of thinking.

Individual theorizing emerged as part of a collective practice.

We learn by experiencing rules rather than “facts,” and far earlier than we experience concrete events. 

Intimacy with the rules became a process of adaptation to an essentially abstract environment.

III. 

Principal qualities displayed that are relevant (empirically observed) skills today ...

habitual mobility

the ability to keep pace with extremely rapid conversions

adaptability in every enterprise

flexibility in moving from one group of rules to another

aptitude for both banal and omni-lateral linguistic interaction

command of the flow of information 

the ability to navigate among limited possible alternatives

Please see Emily Polkowski’s postings below.

Sanjiv

CONTEMPORARY, MODE, OMNI, LATERAL, BANAL, APTITUDE

from the fishbowl...

emilypolkowski

Posts: 86

Joined: Mon Jan 23, 2023 10:24 am

Re: Letter Deconstruction

Post by emilypolkowski » Wed Mar 01, 2023 9:39 pm

Uncertainty Avoidance by Focusing on Words

"All I really wanted to say is that your fishbowl is a stream of stories and reflections strung together to suggest a style of learning from experience."

There are multiple ways to learn, and the fishbowl is one way. We are replying to posts creating a thread of meaningful thoughts and words. The EDULEARN23 is a tool to learn about new learning techniques. I think this is a good tool to utilize because there are so many ways to learn.The fishbowl is a new learning technique where we learn from observing posts.

Post by emilypolkowski » Wed Mar 01, 2023 9:48 pm

Peripheral Vision: infusing felt-experiences

"Even what appears to be a repetition is often a return at the next level of a spiral of understanding..."

Repeating things is a way to remember them and create room for new change. Understanding something does not come from looking at it once. We need reinforcement of concepts that were previously said. It is good when we look back and repeat things because it helps us learn. I think about our vocabulary which is repeated. In order to use new vocabulary in our everyday lives, we need to make sure we learn it, repetitively.

Post by emilypolkowski » Wed Mar 01, 2023 10:11 pm

Abstract: capturing thoughts

"However, we make the point (evidenced by our postings) that the writing, living and being through the body, is experienced in the moment of posting in the fishbowl, and this cannot be captured by AI."

Capturing our thoughts and writing them down from what we feel in the moment is not captured by artificial intelligence. Artificial intelligence involves the development of computer systems. We as humans, have thoughts that is known to no one else besides us, in the moment. Therefore, artificial intelligence fails to capture these ideas and thoughts we have in the moment.

Post by emilypolkowski » Thu Mar 02, 2023 12:04 pm

Abstract in formation

"We live in a textual world, transparent and visible to the Eye (AI)."

People process and understand information by creating representations of it in their heads. I think about learning information and creating ways to break it down in my head to have a clear understanding of what I am learning. Deconstruction is a perfect example of this because I am looking up words within sentences to create a new sentence that makes perfect sense to me.

Post by emilypolkowski » Mon Mar 20, 2023 9:09 pm

Developing the Abstract

"I’ve been comparing our activity in the fishbowl as humans and those of Artificial Intelligence done by a machine: Cognitive Science and Computer Science."

In the fishbowl, we constantly are posting just like machines do in a business, for example. Cognitive science is the study of how the mind manipulates knowledge. Computer science is the same, but done by computers instead of the mind. I think our posts in the fishbowl relate to AI in some ways because the goal is to understand information and form a final answer or realization to everything. Both of which a computer and mind may do.

Post by emilypolkowski » Mon Mar 20, 2023 9:34 pm

Feeling the Abstract

"Our paper is about building cognitive architectures inspired by human systems."

We need to build up our knowledge. We can do this by looking at the way things are constructed. For example, a virus is formed by the movement between cells. This physical observation is used to improve our knowledge about the subject. Viruses are apart of the human system and we build upon our knowledge of different viruses.

Post by emilypolkowski » Mon Mar 20, 2023 9:48 pm

Sorting, sifting, selecting and substituting

"We are working on a paragraph that abstracts the ‘event' of your postings in the fishbowl."

Our postings in the fishbowl have a deeper meaning that does not consist of a physical form. Each time we post in the fishbowl we are creating a way of thinking differently which lacks physical existence. We are doing in-depth analysis of different words or images.

Post by emilypolkowski » Mon Mar 20, 2023 10:13 pm

Getting there, one word at a time

"Developing an abstract is to develop one’s own understanding of the subject matter."

It is important to understand the reason for writing something. In all our papers we write, we think about why we write them. We do not write things to just get them over with, but we write to better understand a topic. We later apply the topic to real world scenarios and we highlight a problem that needs to be resolved.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/21/2023 11:12:39
Subject: authorship of the abstract
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you had a good spring break and you return with renewed resolve for the semester.

There are several matters that have to be addressed and your Grade is foremost. But before I get to that, in this email, I would like to address the matter of co-authorship of the Abstract.

I did the best not to overlook any deserving person for co-authorship. Please see below. However, it is possible that I could have done so, in which case, please be free to email me asking: 

To review your postings again, 

Or 

You are going to ramp up your efforts until the deadline of thursday. 

(please let me know today).

The Abstract deadline is Thursday evening. 

After that I can’t add or delete the co-authorship.

I would like to remind you, getting co-authorship means you are taking ownership of your text: 

What you did, How you did it and Why you did it.

This is the bedrock of a Knowledge economy. We have to show for it.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

THE HUMAN AND ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE CONUNDRUM: WHOSE INTELLIGENCE IS IT ANYWAYS

S. Dugal1, S. Brown1, S. Komiega1, G. Costa1, D. Demarino1, E. Grant1, M. Ghazi1, T. Huff1, S. Lindeland1, W. Mylan1, J. Pateuk1, A. Rue1, E. Polkowski1, P. Amirault1, A.. Beaumier1, R. Bromm1, T. Chan1, E. Dyer1, D. Hatika1, H. Maddox1, P. Esposito1, J. Soucier1, R. Singh2, A. Lee1, E. Sillat1, C. Rodriguez1, C. Somyk1, S. Singh3, M. Troiano4, C. Evers1, J. Ferreira1, I. Ozuna1, E. Cook1, J. Costello1, G. Stellato1, M. Lessard1, C. Sapienza1, R. Berretta1, L. Belka1

1 University of Rhode Island (UNITED STATES)

2 RLDA Architecture, Design Research Studio (INDIA)

3 SavvyMatters.com (UNITED STATES)

4 ClearHead Studio (UNITED STATES)

sanjivdugal@uri.edu, samantha-brown@uri.edu, sean_komiega@uri.edu, gianna_costa@uri.edu, demarino@uri.edu, egrant19@uri.edu, maryam_ghazi@uri.edu, trenthuff@uri.edu, slindeland@uri.edu, winifred_mylan@uri.edu, john_pateuk@uri.edu, ashleyrue@uri.edu, emily_polkowski@uri.edu, peyton_amirault@uri.edu, beaumiera@uri.edu, ryan_bromm@uri.edu, tiffany_chan@uri.edu, emdyer@uri.edu, dhatika@uri.edu, harrisonmaddox@uri.edu, phil-esposito77@uri.edu, jdsoucier@uri.edu, rahoulsingh@gmail.com, amy_lee9@uri.edu, ethan_sillat@uri.edu, crodriguez2020@uri.edu, christian_somyk@uri.edu, shivsingh@gmail.com, michael.troiano1@verizon.net, christian_evers@uri.edu, jeffferreira789@uri.edu, ivy_ozuna@uri.edu, emily_cook@uri.edu, joshua_costello@uri.edu, gracestellato@uri.edu, mlessard@uri.edu, collsapi@uri.edu, richard_beretta@uri.edu, lilybelka@uri.edu

Discipline: Business Adm.& Mgmt. / Business Studies

Type of presentation: VIRTUAL

Introduction

98 participants are responding to text on a digital platform, aka, the fishbowl. Collectively and individually, we are developing ‘general intelligence action’ (1) in order to perceive and infer information, and to retain it as knowledge applicable towards adaptive behaviors within any context. Intelligence is defined as the capacity for abstraction, understanding, self-awareness, learning, emotional knowledge, creativity, and critical thinking.

Purpose

To present intelligent action (decisions taken) resulting in appropriate phenomena (ideas) stemming from the fishbowl's system of physical symbols.

'Physical symbols' are letters, digits, or other discrete elements that represent and manipulate information. Whereas, like the fishbowl, a 'system' is a pattern of rules that manipulate symbols for the performance of various tasks.

Stated formally, “a physical symbol system has the necessary and sufficient means for general intelligence action” (1).

Method

Participants construct word-structures after sorting, sifting, selecting and substituting words in response to symbols from the environment. The ‘physical symbol system’ is a formal system of words that takes physical, material forms, combines them into structures and systemically manipulating them, produces new structures.

The physical symbol system of the fishbowl through which the participant’s attention is enacted and deliberately cultivated, is not intended as a linear, prescribed sequence but as an intermingling of the following four physical symbols:

a. Framing (selecting vocabulary, words, meaning, concepts)

b. Advocating (deconstructing, theorizing, breaking down and building up)

c. Illustrating (sharing felt-experiences, describing past feelings)

d. Inquiring (self-reflexivity; raising questions: how so and why so)

The implication is that our collective intelligence, along with its interrelated structures, is determined by the fishbowl system’s physical symbols 'abcd' above. Any system (living-machine, like the fishbowl, or human being), that has the ability to manipulate these structures fulfills the necessary and sufficient condition for ‘general intelligence action.’

Feeling Human

Soft computing is a set of techniques, including genetic algorithms, fuzzy logic and neural networks, that are tolerant of imprecision, uncertainty, partial truth and approximation. While human information processing is easy to explain, nevertheless, human subjective experience is difficult. Working in the fishbowl is easier when its just work, like doing vocabulary. However, it is much harder when the person actually cares and shares a felt-experience in the moment.

Conclusion

Human expertise depends on unconscious instinct rather than conscious symbol manipulation, and on having a "feel" for the situation,rather than explicit symbolic knowledge (see Hubert Dreyfus). Intuition matters more than data because it allows for spontaneity, impulse, instinct and courage. Ideas lead to a result but 'ideals' result in what makes us human. For instance, in the fishbowl, a cardinal principle is doing right matters more than being right.

Immersed in the language of symbolic interactionism, phenomenology, ethnomethodology and reflexivity, our focus of interest is human agency and individual lived experience. Our approach is to detect feelings and relate them to the structures of our words.

Reference

(1) Newell, A. (1980). Physical symbol systems. Cognitive Science, 4, 135-183.

Keywords: Artificial Intelligence, Physical Symbol Systems, General Intelligence Action.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/1/2023 16:02:44
Subject: Abstract: capturing thoughts
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well.

We could submit a 3,500 word Abstract to the EDULEARN23 Conference (please google) or any other Conference for that matter, regarding Artificial Intelligence as a metaphor for your practices and processes in the fishbowl. 

For previous Undergraduate Abstracts on Research in the Fishbowl, please visit: https://the-fishbowl.com/ 

II.

Developing thoughts for the Abstract upon scrolling and screening your fishbowls...please see Maddeline Lessard’s postings below.

We declare how our process of posting in the fishbowl is a microcosm of Artificial Intelligence. The fishbowl’s four pillars of postings encapsulates in miniature, and depicts the characteristic qualities and features of something much larger; Artificial Intelligence (please google the term). 

In other words, we are presenting the fishbowl as the epitome of the universe; ours is a correspondence between microcosm and macrocosm; the particular and the general, the individual and the universal.

However, we make the point (evidenced by our postings) that the writing, living and being through the body, is experienced in the moment of posting in the fishbowl, and this cannot be captured by AI. We consider the body central in the subjective experience: the felt-experience.

"It really boils down to the act of sorting, sifting, selecting and substituting," she announced. "And don’t forget sharing," I countered.

We make the distinction between Being (in the fishbowl) and Having (it all in Artificial Intelligence). 

We conclude by suggesting changing the way we think about the individual, technology and the relationship between them. We do this by defining “Individuation” (the manner in which one is different) and citing Gilbert Simondon’s work (please google).

“Cool," she said, uncharacteristically.

Sanjiv

EPITOME, UNIVERSE, CORRESPONDENCE, MICROCOSM, MACROCOSM, PARTICULAR, GENERAL, INDIVIDUAL, UNIVERSAL, BODY, SUBJECTIVE, INDIVIDUATE

from the fishbowl...

maddelinelessard

Posts: 47

Joined: Mon Jan 23, 2023 2:06 pm

Deconstruction

	

Post by maddelinelessard » Tue Feb 07, 2023 2:31 pm

Why Deconstruct a Text?

“You are simultaneously witness, participant, and scribe. You are never off duty”.

Consciously and unconsciously you,we are observing the world, acting in the world, and subscribed to the world. The world is your everyday, it is also the Fishbowl, it is also the thought that is taking the most room in your brain. The world is whatever you are observing and participating in. That’s what everything revolves around.

Reading the postings, writing responses, choosing names to read– you, we are never not working.

Post by maddelinelessard » Thu Feb 09, 2023 2:55 pm

Deploying attention:

When you can look at your own attentional practices, you begin to think in new ways about how to deploy your attention.

Once you’ve understood where, how, why, what holds your attention, you can manipulate it. Mastering attentional practices is possible. Shifting the importance and hooking feeling something/ someone has is possible. You just need to pay attention to your attention. I want to accomplish such. I think the ability to deploy your own attention easily is the most important tactic one could have.

Post by maddelinelessard » Mon Feb 13, 2023 10:16 am

Plane of immanence

How we think about our world and how we live in it are entwined.

The world is made up of perception, a mental impression. A common regard has been shared and accepted by all of us. We’ve accepted words to stand for feelings, physical and mental structures, concepts. You manifest your world. Your thoughts, emotions, words, actions, meanings, all design your world. The inner is always reflected in the outer. How you live is the surface to the deeper concepts.

In our Fishbowl we see how our thoughts are changing. We remove this ability when we reply separately. Replying separately alienates our words.

Post by maddelinelessard » Fri Feb 24, 2023 9:53 am

The notion of Ontology:

Our reality is a reading relationship in a visual culture.

Within our fishbowl we read and write. That is our relationship (tie) to each other and the connection between our interpretations. This is also true outside of the fishbowl. Your reality only circles around what you ‘read’. What you pay attention to, what you think about, what you interpret, analyze, and see. Your reality has nothing that your brain isn’t connected to (isn’t reading into).

Post by maddelinelessard » Mon Feb 27, 2023 10:07 am

Meaning transformations and mediations:

The fishbowl is following a reading strategy. The aim is to understand and realize new concepts. The destination is unknown.

Memory and interpretation are the fundamental elements that are challenged in the fishbowl.

There are a few guides in the fishbowl (the posting areas) aside from that, it is mediation, memory, and interpretation.

These change the meanings of the letters.

Post by maddelinelessard » Mon Feb 27, 2023 10:08 am

Flow:

There are foundational elements that the Fishbowl is designed to cater to; Vocabulary, Google Searches, Deconstruction Letters, and Exercises.

The most important aspect of the fishbowl is the flow.

Be the writer or the reader or both, the brain prefers a flow, stream, scroll of words.

Transparency is the only way in which another can learn how your mind works.

 post by maddelinelessard » Wed Mar 01, 2023 10:17 am

Neural networks and Deep thinking:

To understand the fishbowl as artificial intelligence compare what defines AI. The fishbowl lays out our words and thoughts. We can read the flow of our previous cohesive experiences. We are reading the words that came to be through synchronized oscillations. These are responsible for the brain's ability to react.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/1/2023 0:03:52
Subject: peripheral vision: infusing felt-experiences
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you?

In the fishbowl, 

each return over the same ground, 

represents 

layers of change: 

in you, 

in your text, and 

in the environment. 

Even what appears to be a repetition is often a return at the next level of a spiral of understanding...

Like flipping through or scrolling images in a favorite magazine. It’s all in the head, she proclaimed. Ephemeral and ethereal, fleeting and in formation...

Infusing felt-experiences and empowering your text: 

PLease see Trent Huff’s posting below. It is an excellent example of constructing and developing theory. 

Next step, as a pragmatist, if you select one sentence from your constructed theory and expand it (take it further) to describe an ‘episode' from a past experience, plus describe how you felt at that time, you empower your text by making possible connections among your audience. It is one’s perceived difference (brought to light by the effect of your felt-experience) that makes a difference to the social group, and makes perceptual connections possible. 

Recalling something makes it possible to experience it again, to discover another 'way of seeing' in ones own skin. 

For instance, one’s visions during childhood can be treasured as alternative ways of seeing the world. 

Perceptions and experiences from the past pervade the present; they are peripherally visible to us. That is the purpose of the exercise on the meaning of your name and whether you relate to it. 

The felt-experience is the process of individuation, and it is what ultimately counts in a digital environment. Please google Gilbert Simondon and Individuation. More coming up.

In L'individuation psychique et collective, Gilbert Simondon developed a theory of individual and collective individuation in which the individual subject is considered as an effect of individuation rather than a cause. Thus, the individual atom is replaced by a never-ending ontological process of individuation.

Sanjiv

PERIPHERAL, VISION, REPETITION, RETURN, SPIRAL 

from the fishbowl...

TrentHuff

Posts: 57

Joined: Mon Jan 23, 2023 11:07 am

Re: Plane of Immanence (Deconstructing Letters)

post by TrentHuff » Mon Feb 27, 2023 4:09 pm

Deconstructing Letters - "Lessons from Japanese story"

"Whenever different culturally and historically determined structures intersect, it must be remembered that in such encounters, participants come with pre-narratives."

All people have values and perspectives that are formed as a result of their experiences and upbringing. Many large groups of people create a culture where they share similar beliefs and perspectives that affect how they all think about other people. Across the world, these cultures can vary largely, creating many different perspectives about the same concept. The culture that someone is brought up in is what they consider to be normal, and they may see other cultures as outsiders. In the modern world, it is not rare for these different culture to meet or cross paths for various reasons. When these people come together, they have narratives and perspectives on each other prior to actually meeting. These predetermined thoughts may or may not be true, but they will certainly have an impact on how the people of different cultures think about and communicate with each other.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/27/2023 19:40:22
Subject: EDULEARN23 Deadline 9th March23
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Please see the attached conference announcement.

What are the cues that it is a legitimate and reputable conference?

What relevant topics are being invited to participate?

What is the advantage at minimum cost?

Will acceptance/participation enhance your image?

I’m thinking of the AI exercise. Please give it a shot, and we'll think some theory around what you did.

Sanjiv

LEGITIMATE, REPUTABLE, ACCEPT, PARTICIPATE

Begin forwarded message:

From: "EDULEARN23" <edulearn23@iated.org>

Subject: Only 10 days left to submit your abstract - Deadline: 9th March 2023

Date: February 27, 2023 at 9:21:44 AM EST

To: <sanjivdugal@gmail.com>

Reply-To: edulearn23@iated.org

Publicidad

View content in a browser »

facebook twitter youtube

EDULEARN23

15th annual International Conference on Education and New Learning Technologies

3-5 JULY, 2023

PALMA DE MALLORCA (SPAIN)	SUBMIT YOUR ABSTRACT NOW »

Deadline: 9th of March 2023

JOIN US!

Dear Sanjiv Dugal,

You are invited to join the 15th EDULEARN conference, one of the largest international meeting points for lecturers, researchers and technologists.

EDULEARN has become a globally known event after 15 years of providing a platform for professionals from all over the world to present their projects and share their knowledge on educational innovations. 

Don't miss out on the excellent opportunity of being a part of EDULEARN23!

Discover EDULEARN23 with this video!	

Learn more »

CALL FOR ABSTRACTS

You are invited to submit your abstracts and participate in EDULEARN23. 

Your contributions can be presented in two formats:

- Oral and poster presentations

- Virtual presentations

The deadline for submission of abstracts is the 9th of March 2023.

The conference topics can be found here.

Learn more »

5 BENEFITS OF PARTICIPATING AT EDULEARN23

- Present your findings at one of the most internationally known conferences on education.

- Give global visibility to your research.

- Make connections for future cooperation with educators from over 80 different countries. 

- Learn about educational innovations and strategies in +70 thematic sessions.

- Have your paper published in the EDULEARN23 Proceedings. 

Discover who will attend »

PUBLICATIONS

- The EDULEARN23 Proceedings will be included in the IATED Digital Library. 

- The EDULEARN23 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation in the Web of Science (Conference Proceedings Citation Index). 

- An individual DOI number will be assigned to each accepted paper.

Learn more »

VIRTUAL PARTICIPATION

Participants wishing to take part in the conference, but who are unable to attend in-person, will be able to submit their abstracts and papers to the EDULEARN23 Proceedings.

Not only this, but authors participating virtually will also have their presentations uploaded onto the conference website and the Technical Program.

Virtual participants will have the chance to network with other participants, as well as take advantage of the option to live chat to discuss the themes of the conference and authors’ findings.

Registered virtual authors will have access to the EDULEARN23 Proceedings, their participation certificate and authors' certificates. 

Learn more »

PROPOSE A SPECIAL SESSION

If you would like your own more specific topic to be covered, we invite you to propose a special session where you and your colleagues can share original ideas and discuss them with the audience.

Discover how »		

BECOME AN EXHIBITOR

Exhibit your products to more than 800 leading decision-makers, lecturers, researchers and practitioners in education and research from more than 80 different countries.

Discover how»

IATED

IATED Publications

Search Digital Library

IATED Talks

DOI Crossref

Copyright © 2006-2023 IATED. All rights reserved.

If you are no longer interested in receiving this information, you can have your email address removed from the list by clicking here. Thank you

This email and any eventual attachment contain confidential information exclusively intended for the addressee. You are not allowed to disclose, copy or distribute it to third parties without IATED Academy’s prior written authorization. lf you have received this email in error, please delete it immediately and we ask to let us know about this error by forwarding it to the sender's email address. Pursuant to the provisions of the current regulations on data protection, both at the national and the European level, IATED Academy guarantees the adoption of the required technical and organizational measures to ensure the confidential treatment of personal data. Likewise, we inform you that your email address has been obtained from the interested party or from public sources and has been included in our files in order to permit us to maintain contact with you send you information about our products and services as long as there exists a mutual interest in this or a commercial or contractual relationship. However, you can exercise your rights of access, rectification and deletion of your data as well as the right of limitation and opposition to its treatment using the following information: IATED Academy; Address: Plaza Legion Espanola 11 bajo. 46010 Valencia. Spain; email: iated@iated.org; website: iated.org.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/27/2023 14:59:43
Subject: Uncertainty Avoidance by Focusing on Words
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? It is difficult to focus under conditions of uncertain outcomes, particularly if one’s culture is High on Hofstede’s score of Uncertainty Avoidance (please google). 

Hofstede defines uncertainty avoidance as the lack of tolerance for ambiguity and the need for formal rules. This dimension measures the extent to which people in a society feel threatened by and try to avoid ambiguous situations. They may do this by establishing more formal rules, rejecting deviant ideas and behavior, and accepting the possibility of absolute truths and the attainment of unchallengeable expertise.

Cultures in other parts of the globe may have higher tolerance for ambiguity and uncertainty. 

These are high/low dimensions. 

"Put two words together, and you got yourself a dimension, she said. 

What dimension are you sliding on today?"

What we acquire from a culture is a set of labels (words with meanings), whose theoretical character (underlying dimension) is invisible to us, until one is jolted by a detail. 

Our experience is structured in advance by cultural stereo-types and idealizations, blurred by images: caricatures and diagrams from childhood.

We are increasingly intersecting and interacting across different symbolic (word-image-meaning) systems (structures) on our (mental) screens. 

II.

"Chaos and Confusion reigns, she laughed. You got to focus. To do so, you have to lose yourself in a fishbowl. Looking at yourself looking at yourself."

What do you mean?

You are trying to understand and remember what you saw, and at the same time, you are also trying to establish an interpretation appropriate to the situation. Out of the tension of this multiplicity of ‘vision' comes the possibility for insight.

III.

All I really wanted to say is that your fishbowl is a stream of stories and reflections strung together to suggest a style of learning from experience. 

Please see Jake Soucier’s reflections below.

Wherever a story comes from, whether it is a familiar myth or a private memory, retelling exemplifies the making of a connection from one pattern to another: a potential translation in which narrative becomes parable and the once upon a time comes to stand for some renascent truth. This approach applies to all the incidents of every day life: the phrase in the newspaper; the endearing or infuriating game of a toddler; the misunderstanding at the office. Our species thinks in metaphors and learns through stories.

Sanjiv

STYLE, MYTH, EXEMPLIFY, NARRATIVE, PARABLE, STORY, RENASCENT, TRUTH

from the fishbowl...

jakesoucier

Posts: 24

Joined: Mon Jan 23, 2023 2:06 pm

Threads Starting After February 26 (Japanese Video)

	

Post by jakesoucier » Sun Feb 26, 2023 4:14 pm

"I'm not your … girlfriend." - Spoken by Sandy to Hiromitsu.

Deconstruction: This sentence conveys Sandy's frustration with Hiromitsu's assumption that they are in love and how Sandy wants to show they are not dating. It also shows her assertiveness and unwillingness to be treated as an object.

Felt-experience infusion: This can happen a lot of times when an individual gets approached by someone they may not know or believe to have feelings with that is not true. Clearly Sandy does not like how she is being treated and does not want to be spoken to like that which is the reason why she is frustrated and says these things.

"I can't take my eyes off you." - Spoken by Hiromitsu to Sandy.

Deconstruction: This sentence shows Hiromitsu's fascination with Sandy and his desire to connect with her on a deeper level.

Felt-experience infusion: This sentence reminds me of a time when my friend felt strong connection with someone who they had just met. He could not stop thinking/talking about the individual and wanted to see if things would workout with her. However, he was hesitant to express his feelings in fear of rejection but also the loss of a close friend.

"I'm sorry. I thought you were someone else." - Spoken by Hiromitsu to the woman in the hotel lobby.

Deconstruction: This sentence shows Hiromitsu's mistake in thinking that the woman was Sandy, and his embarrassment of what he just did. Saying hi to a random stranger can be awkward and most of the time requires an apology.

Felt-experience infusion: This sentence reminds me of a time when I mistook someone for a friend and approached them, only to realize that they were a stranger. I felt embarrassed and apologized profusely, and the stranger was kind and understanding, but it still felt awkward for making the mistake.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/26/2023 16:44:02
Subject: lessons from Japanese Story
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well in these troubling times.

Lessons from Japanese Story

1. Japanese Story is a “story" of connecting across different symbolic systems; across different word-structures. 

Whenever different culturally and historically determined structures intersect, it must be remembered that in such encounters, participants come with pre-narratives.

Please google David Boje and Ante-narrative. 

Sandy’s ante-narrative is of being perceived a “Geisha” instead of a “Geologist”. 

Her frustration with her male colleagues' perceptual structures and Hiromitsu’s arrival with his own foreign perceptual structures, presses all the wrong buttons, and we have a “situation” on our hands.

The film has many lessons to think about, but one thing is clear, if Sandy and Hiro are unable to connect across their “structures" of words, symbols, perceptions and images, they will not come out alive. They are in dire straits and they had better be quick learners. I believe, all said and done, they did very well for themselves. They broke their pre-conceived structures, and forged a friendship, one word at a time...but fate had something else in store for them.

Bottom line: Sandy and Hiromitsu had to learn to show greater concern for the "relational character of the production of meaning." As a business student, I trust you are taking note. A knowledge worker in a knowledge economy, produces meaning by creating social capital (please google Pierre Bourdieu and Cultural Capital).

Things to be aware of:

Whenever different word-structures (symbolic systems) intersect, the chances of not ‘bringing the contract home" can be costly. Please think of Sandy and Hiromitsu’s encounter, right from the start.

Opening paragraph in Lisa Hoecklin’s “Managing Cultural Differences” (please google):

“People are increasingly having to interact, manage, negotiate and compromise with people from other cultures. The potential for management frustration, costly misunderstandings and even business failures increases significantly when dealing with people whose value, beliefs, customs and first language are different from your own. However, when understood and successfullly managed, differences in culture can lead to innovative business practices and sustainable sources of competititve advantage."

Words have images and meanings attached and these are culturally and historically determined, for example “geisha” and “geologist.” 

Please see Samantha Brown’s postings below. A clear example of how meaning is created relationally whenever we share our subjective images attached to the words we selected. This action creates your competitive advantage.

Sanjiv

SYMBOLIC, PERCEPTUAL, SYSTEM, RELATIONAL, INTERSECT, SITUATION, CONNECT

from the fishbowl...

samanthabrown

Posts: 66

Joined: Sun Jan 22, 2023 5:28 pm

Interactive Assignments -- S Brown

	

Post by samanthabrown » Mon Feb 13, 2023 5:02 pm

Meaning of a Name

Samantha has many different meanings, with many of them being religious due to it being a feminine version of Samuel. The religious version has a few different meanings, like "listener of God" or "in the name of God". Secular definitions are "listener"/"listens well" and "flower"/"blossom" as it stems from Aramaic word for listen. My parents named me Samantha after the main character in Bewitched.

Listener: someone who listens

Listen: to give attention to someone or something in order to hear him, her, or it

I think that my name only coincides with half of my personality. I have a talkative side but I also have a quiet side. My quiet side is a good listener and can go hours without talking and just listening. I'm good at identifying things by sound, like which of my family members car is running, which guinea pig is squeeking, or which cat is meowing. These are all subtle differences that not everyone would pick up on. I also enjoy listening to the sounds of my life and music. So while the meaning of my name only coincides with half of my personality, I do believe that it is a good fit for me.

Post by samanthabrown » Sat Feb 25, 2023 8:33 pm

Japanese Story

"There is nothing sick about death. It's part of life."

-Deconstruction: This is so heavy to start with. Starting something with such heaviness and weight only suggests bad things and creates expectations that we may feel we need to live up to. Or we will act with this subconsciously guiding us. We will use it to unknowingly create unrealistic standards for ourselves. How do we make our own path when we feel like it is decided for us? Can we break out of the path that either we created or was created for us? We love certainty but we fall victim to it restraining us. We need to take the time for deep thought and deep reflection. This is the way that we will stay innovative and creative. Certainty kills creativity.

-Infuse with felt experience: I have experienced this many times in my life. I feel frustrated when others make judgements about me or set a standard for me. I've always had high expectations set for me and I have always achieved them or pushed myself as hard as I could to achieve them. Others making judgements about me feels like it's setting an expectation. I want to be the one that follows my own path and makes my own expectations. I was always an outsider in elementary school, bullied for being a weird kid. Others made judgements about me and set expectations for me. They decided my path for me and I didn't like that. So I broke out of that and decided to write my own narrative about myself. Of course, I didn't know thats what I was doing at that time, but I see that now. I strive to not follow the path that is written for me, I strive to forge my own path. Of course, I'm not perfect about it, but I feel like having the experiences that I have had has made this a part of me. It's become a part of my reality and a guiding principle in my life.

---

"I read the book. I begin to understand. Then, I am possessed, like a man who is very strong."

-Deconstruct: True understanding is only created through putting in the effort. We always have to frame ourselves as a learner. Go into every situation willing and wanting to learn. This gives us a better understanding of everything. The key is preparing ourselves with the tools that are essential and the tools that will give us the ability to always find the meaning and the tools that will help us produce thoughts. These tools and the associated knowledge make us feel confident and give us the ability to be prepared for any situation.

-Infuse: Walking into things blindly with no knowledge of what's going to happen is one of the scariest things to me. If the world ran my way, everything ever would be planned and prepared for. It's not necessarily wanting certainty, it's wanting to be prepared. I had a class that had frequent random presentations. There was no way to be perfectly prepared for that situation. That horrified me. How was I supposed to maintain my personal presentation standard? How was I supposed to not make a fool out of myself? The solution wasn't predicting the future to know exactly what I would present on or when I would be asked to present. The key was getting the tools to be properly prepared. To know the vocabulary, so I would be pulling from the correct word pool and have the necessary background knowledge to generate ideas. Another key was knowing current events because it helped to further my understanding of vocabulary and help me have real-world examples. It also helped me develop the correct frame of reference. Once I had the tools, I was able to be confident in that class.

---

"I have heavy obligations and I must get through it."

-Deconstruct: Everyone's life has necessary difficulties. It's never just simple and easy. A lot of the time, it's difficult or it's complicated. But we persist. We continue. We must determine what motivates us and hold them close. Sometimes we have to hold onto what we find important and weather the storm. It will be an experience that will reshape our future mindset and change our future frame of reference. It will likely change the meaning of words, feelings, and objects for us. We get through them by preparing ourselves, using the tools that we have, and focusing on what's important. We make our reality and while it may be difficult or near impossible, we can adjust our obligations to make them work for ourselves.

-Infuse: I could name thousands of difficult obligations or necessary difficulties within my life, as could anyone else. In sophomore year, I was working a lot at a miserable job with a mean boss, both during the week and for most of the weekend while juggling classes. I know this is a familiar struggle to most other college students. It was really draining and felt like a constant struggle. I never felt like I could get ahead. I weathered through that difficult period by taking putting some time aside for what was important to me and I know that that job and that boss have affected my frame of reference and my mindset. I had to use my tools like planning and mindfulness to make it through that situation. I'm glad I did because I gained experience and I ended up getting a better job without an awful boss.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/23/2023 15:56:18
Subject: Language Game (2)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you today? I wanted to bring your attention to the vocabulary (meaning of words), images and ideas posted by Caitlyn Rodriguez below.

An earlier view, expressed in Wittgenstein’s (1922) “picture theory” of language, was that reality gives us language: that Caitlyn's words, images, and ideas are reflections of the world “out there.”

The newer view reverses this, suggesting that words, images and ideas are not neutral reflections of reality. They are the means through which Caitlyn makes her reality. 

In the fishbowl, we subscribe to this newer view or perspective. It can be found in the works of the later Wittgenstein (1958) and thinkers like Derrida, Gadamer and Rorty. They all emphasize (and this is important to understand) that there are no sharp distinctions between subjective and objective worlds and that language and reality are part of an integrated life-world, in and through which our realities in fishbowls are coproduced.

Please view the postings below in this light. We have the potential to make and transform ourselves and our world through individual and collective postings that can “real-ize” new images, ideas and worldviews. In principle we are active agents in perceiving, constructing, and acting in the fishbowl.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl....

caitlynrodriguez

Posts: 114

Joined: Mon Sep 05, 2022 2:30 pm

Re: Vocab Rodriguez

post by caitlynrodriguez » Thu Feb 16, 2023 10:10 pm

FLOW- 2/9

FLOW- the action or fact of moving along in a steady, continuous stream; proceed or be produced smoothly, continuously, and effortlessly.

STREAM- a small, narrow river; an amount of something or a number of things coming in a continuous flow.

SCROLL- a roll of parchment or paper for writing or painting on; move displayed text or graphics on a screen in a particular direction in order to view different parts of them.

SCREEN- a flat panel or area on an electronic device such as a television, computer, or smartphone, on which images and data are displayed; a fixed or movable upright partition used to divide a room, give shelter from drafts, heat, or light, or to provide concealment or privacy.

MOVEMENT- an act of changing physical location or position or of having this changed; a change or development.

COMPOSE- write or create (a work of art, especially music or poetry); (of elements) constitute or make up (a whole).

COMBINE- unite; merge.

PREROGATIVE- an exclusive or special right, power, or privilege.

 post by caitlynrodriguez » Wed Feb 22, 2023 11:03 pm

Dec 10- Neural Networks and Deep Thinking AI

JUXTAPOSE- place or deal with close together for contrasting effect.

THOUGHT- an idea or opinion produced by thinking, or occurring suddenly in the mind.

LAYER-a sheet, quantity, or thickness of material, typically one of several, covering a surface or body.

GENERATE- cause (something, especially an emotion or situation) to arise or come about.

NEURON- A type of cell that receives and sends messages from the body to the brain and back to the body. The messages are sent by a weak electrical current. Also called nerve cell.

BINDING- a strong covering holding the pages of a book together; (of an agreement or promise) involving an obligation that cannot be broken.

ARTIFICIAL- made or produced by human beings rather than occurring naturally, especially as a copy of something natural.

INTELLIGENCE- the ability to acquire and apply knowledge and skills.

post by caitlynrodriguez » Wed Feb 22, 2023 11:50 pm

Structural space- 2/12

process:

SYSTEMATIC- done or acting according to a fixed plan or system; methodical.

INTERDEPENDENT- (of two or more people or things) dependent on each other.

STEP- an act or movement of putting one leg in front of the other in walking or running; a stage in a gradual process.

PRODUCE- cause (a particular result or situation) to happen or come into existence.

PERFORM- carry out, accomplish, or fulfill (an action, task, or function), present (a form of entertainment) to an audience.

REFLEXIVE- (of a method or theory in the social sciences) taking account of itself or of the effect of the personality or presence of the researcher on what is being investigated.

ETCHING- (of an experience, image, etc.) be permanently fixed in someone's memory; cut or carve (a text or design) on a surface.

ENGRAVING- a print made from an engraved plate, block, or other surface.

create:

STRUCTURE- the arrangement of and relations between the parts or elements of something complex.

SENTENCE- a set of words that is complete in itself, typically containing a subject and predicate, conveying a statement, question, exclamation, or command, and consisting of a main clause and sometimes one or more subordinate clauses.

SYNTAX- the arrangement of words and phrases to create well-formed sentences in a language.

MENTAL- relating to the mind.

SPACE- a continuous area or expanse which is free, available, or unoccupied; the dimensions of height, depth, and width within which all things exist and move.

CONSTRUCT- build or erect (something, typically a building, road, or machine); an idea or theory containing various conceptual elements, typically one considered to be subjective and not based on empirical evidence.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/23/2023 15:02:38
Subject: Language Game (1)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? Please be sure to understand, we are focusing on language (words) as a means of revealing how we construct and make reality in the fishbowl. 

Our fishbowl postings illustrate the complex yet fragile and tentative webs of meaning on which so much of our practice is based.

I. From the fishbowl

ChristianEvers

Posts: 5

Joined: Mon Jan 23, 2023 11:03 am

Why Deconstruct a Text?

post by ChristianEvers » Tue Feb 21, 2023 3:54 pm

Vocab

Deconstruct: To rip apart or take down

Text: A written or printed work

Develop: Gradual growth over time

Voice: The sound produced by someone when speaking

Ownership: When something belongs to someone

Mind-Set: established set of attitudes someone has

Encounter: unexpectedly experience or faced with something

Enactment: Acting something out

Dislocate: disturb the normal arrangement of something

Alter: Change or cause to something in its character

State: The condition someone or something is in

Ethos: The characteristics of a culture, person, or community

Germinating Ideas

Deconstruct: Breaking down a statement

Text: Written words

Develop: Developing an essay

Voice: Voice by google

Ownership: Possessing something

Mind-set: Mindset the book on amazon

Encounter: Encounter the movie

Enactment: Passing legislation

Dislocate: Put out of place

Alter: Structural Change

State: Department of state

Ethos: Characteristics

Images

Deconstruct: Wrecking a building

Text: Writing an essay

Develop: Child growing up

Voice: Megaphone

Ownership: Owning a car

Mind-set: Having a positive attitude

Encounter: Meeting someone

Enactment: Acting out charades

Dislocate: Dislocating your shoulder

Alter: Changing grades

State: Rhode Island

Ethos: Aristotle

Deconstructing Letters

“You are deconstructing a text (a sentence) and thereby developing your own voice”

By deconstructing text, you are putting it into your own words which allows you to have a better understanding of what the person is saying.

II. Playing a Language Game

Let’s consider Christian Evers posting above on the subject: Why Deconstruct a Text? 

Evers has constructed three categories

1. Vocab: meaning

2. Germinating Ideas

3. Images, and furthermore, 

Evers has deconstructed a common text for each of the categories.

How do we take the next step and develop a “voice"? A point of view? A new perspective.

It is a game in which language and action are interwoven, creating a “language game” through which we as participants engage, understand, and experience our reality, shaping our world through the constructs, actions, and processes embedded in the game itself. 

Playing the game:

1. I intuitively, and with practice, randomly select one word from each category and link these three words by taking them further into the dictionary,... until a felt-experience can easily be done.

2. Acting, Encounter, Attitude

3. I would take these three words further in the dictionary until I found words that were expressing my felt-experience, which is perpetually in a state of making; emerging and unfolding.

4. By reflecting and sharing our felt-experiences we are doing what is known as "experiential learning.” Please google. We learn from experience, but only in retrospect and through introspection and by sharing (doing reality checks). 

III. Language and Reality

Language and reality are interwoven. The skill being developed in the fishbowl is to create a kind of “language game” (please google Wittgenstein and Language Game) through which we engage, understand and experience our reality in a fishbowl. We are shaping our world through the constructs, actions, and processes already embedded in our game.. We are living our language as part of a broader activity or “form of life.” Or as Heidegger has put it, “language speaks us as much as we speak language.” Please see the next letter Language Game (2).

Bottom Line Tip: sorting, sifting, selecting, substituting.

Every body can do that!

Sanjiv

FRAGILE, TENTATIVE, RETROSPECT, INTROSPECT

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/22/2023 13:12:24
Subject: Exercise: View Japanese Story; and, Class Time
------------------------------------------------------------
Preface: from the fishbowl

I.

“Your fishbowl postings construct mental spaces of experiences, feelings, images, and text.”

“ That is to say, in the fishbowl, you are not performing as enacting a script but as creating effects.”

II.

"When we post in the Fishbowl, we are not rewriting what is already written in the letters. Instead, we are note-making or processing the words into our own understanding. There is a greater level of understanding and comprehension when text is stripped down, analyzed, and rephrased in one’s own words. Doing so creates effects -- produces a change in one’s knowledge in order to expand and strengthen their mind." (Winifred Mylan)

Hi Everyone,

How are you? We are going online for the time-being. 

Class time, henceforth, will be Office Hours by Appointment. Please make a note of it.

I have been reading your responses in the fishbowl, and we are on schedule with our understanding, development and growth. We are hanging-in together, and regularly taking time-out to reflect (more on reflexive methodology later).

In the Preface above the key words are “creative effects.”

Exercise: View Japanese Story

Japanese Story

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1i8tHB8ID0D9-0JAQsNAjnLaxGifSOvPT/view?usp=sharing

Please see the film Japanese Story, above. Please view the film as though the DIrector is “creating effects.”

The DIrector is doing this by constructing mental spaces (of words spoken by the protagonists in the film), such that, 

Experiences (Happenings), 

Feelings (Emotion), 

images (mental photo-shots), and 

Text (Interpretation) 

can play out.

Steps:

1. Select 3 sentences spoken in the film.

2. Deconstruct the sentences. This clarifies what your mind is doing (sorting, sifting, selecting) and why.

3. Infuse each of your selected sentences with a felt-experience from your past (memory and interpretation).

Sanjiv

INFUSE, MEMORY

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/9/2023 17:45:11
Subject: FLOW
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. By now, most of us have come to terms with the fishbowl. 

One more time, 

I’d like to ‘draw’ out

the structure of words, and 

to let these words (elements) 

amalgamate, 

by constructing and creating, 

something else (style of posting), 

that is the Self.

1. There are four underlying characteristics of the structure of your learning from the environment. 

Namely, Vocabulary, Google Searches, Deconstructing Letters, and Exercises. These four characteristics begin to meld, bind and connect with each other; subjectively ‘flowing’ through our minds, they constitute the Self. (Please google Flow by Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi). Whichever way you want to 'compose and combine' categories is your prerogative.

So long as the viewer can see the ‘flow' of your text and images, then you are ‘engaged' with your audience. Please keep this in mind. 

2. Your text flows in the fishbow because they are “writing in movement."

The viewer, the audience, the reader, the browser, the consumer, all of them, prefer to scroll and stream the flow of text and images. The brain has become more like a movie screen (Bergson), than a central processing unit. Technology changed the metaphor. More on this later.

3. For purposes of your Resume, you might consider adding a line which states that upon request, you will share evidence of how your mind works on any given working day. Such evidence is presented in a social setting, aka transparency. Transparency is the basis of your Social Meeting Exercise.

Sanjiv

FLOW, STREAM, SCROLL, SCREEN, MOVEMENT, COMPOSE, COMBINE, PREROGATIVE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/8/2023 3:41:00
Subject: Meaning transformations and mediations: A Reading Strategy
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? We are not meeting in class tomorrow, and it would be best to utilize this time for doing your Social Meeting exercise. Get it out of the way. It is mandatory to clear the course. Plus the Final. They are both easy to do, but your understanding and realization will be enormous. Many of your skills are brought into play. 

Presently, we are following a reading strategy for understanding and realizing new concepts (words), and this happens slowly. It is a journey of unknown destination. We venture (go forth with words) into a past experience (feeling), and this entails two activities: memory (image) and interpretation (text). It is what you recall (image and feeling) and how you interpret it (transform the meaning).

When reading a text in the fishbowl, it is the ‘mediation' (intervention, intercession) of images and feelings from the past, that our interpretation of the text being read, done in the present, transforms the original meaning. In the fishbowl, we are an interpretive community (Stanley Fish) because we are unified around a common set of rules (four categories for posting in the fishbowl) which enable meaning transformations and mediations.

Please think about it.

Sanjiv

READING, MEDIATION, MEMORY, IMAGE, FEELING, EXPERIENCE, TRANSFORMATION, MEANING, INTERPRETATION

from the fishbowl...

NOTE	

(YOUR POSTINGS IN THE FISHBOWL MUST SCROLL DOWN UNDER EACH OF THE FOUR CATEGORIES, LIKE YOU SEE BELOW. PLEASE DON’T START A NEW TOPIC FOR EVERY POST. YOU ARE JEOPARDIZING YOUR GRADE. PLEASE TREAT THIS AS A WARNING!)

emmagrant

Posts: 33

Joined: Mon Jan 23, 2023 10:46 am

Emma Grant Reading Process: Deconstructing Text

	

Post by emmagrant » Mon Jan 30, 2023 2:26 pm

Letter One: Genesis of a Fishbowl

"The genesis of a Fishbowl occurs whenever we pose the question: how might one live?"

Despite each member of this class being a student in the College of Business at the University of Rhode Island, we each live each day differently. We have different priorities, thought patterns, behaviors, and ways of being yet when it is all put together, we are able to create a functioning society with a distinct culture. Together, we can draw on the ideals of one another to relate or refute, learn, and understand. That is, in essence, the genesis of this fishbowl - to take our own beings and work them together with that of our peers and to learn and grow from that cohesion.

Re: Emma Grant Reading Process: Deconstructing Text

	

Post by emmagrant » Mon Jan 30, 2023 2:34 pm

Living Legend

"That is, you are scrolling and screening, and capturing what resonates with you."

Where does one find value in what goes on in a day or an interaction? The value comes from what resonates and what can be related to. But, it shouldn't just end there. Rather, we should take a moment to examine the information that is presented to us and the emotions that it evokes. We should practice deep thinking once in a while to truly understand (or not) a concept. This quote encapsulates this entire idea that rather than trying to comprehend or understand each singular piece of information, it is better and more productive to take away the big ideas that make sense for you and your being as that is where one will find true value in the society.

 

Emma Grant Reading Process: Deconstructing Text

	

Post by emmagrant » Mon Jan 30, 2023 2:39 pm

Generating Text:

"Ethnography is a ‘method' for collecting data. Data is collected through ‘observation' which is then used to ‘draw' conclusions about ‘how' groups and individuals ‘function.'"

Data collection happens in every moment of everyday. We are constantly taking in our surroundings and the multitude of information being shared with us at any given moment. For example, right now I am reflecting on this letter while the sun is warmly shinning on my desk and I can hear the birds outside chirping. My keyboard is clattering with each letter and the pages in my planner are fluttering since I am now towards the middle of the book and it is too heavy for one side to remain down without help. All of these "data" points can be observed by me or an onlooker in this moment and can be used to draw a conclusion about how productive I may be in this moment. Am I reflective? Pensive? Distracted? All of these points factor into the quality of analysis I am putting into the fishbowl, into my society. It shapes the data collected about me by my group and those who review this analysis. This is a micro example of this vary vast topic explored in this quote and is important to refer back to as the fishbowl and the society within it adapts and grows and shapes.

Re: Emma Grant Reading Process: Deconstructing Text

	

Post by emmagrant » Mon Feb 06, 2023 10:24 am

Doing of the Social Meeting Exercise

"How does workplace friendship differ, from the general meaning of friendship, is a question that has not been addressed much in University life"

As I have explored and navigated the workplace over the past few years, this is something that I have thought about a lot. It is weird and awkward and different to explore friendship in the workplace. Where is the line? What boundaries exist? Where must we begin or end? It is something that, I feel, only becomes learned with time and practice. This activity will allow us to practice in a safe space, one without judgement. We are all coming in with the same goals and ideas for the meeting yet will all take away different things, take away different thoughts, and share different ideas. Despite this, we, together, can form a workplace friendship at URI

Re: Emma Grant Reading Process: Deconstructing Text

	

Post by emmagrant » Mon Feb 06, 2023 11:33 am

Why Deconstructing a Text

"You are simultaneously witness, participant, and scribe. You are never off duty"

We, as humans are never off

We learn, we go, we transform, adapt, alter, develop

As this progresses, the ethos of our fishbowl is set to be developed

We will dislocate, deconstruct, develop and grow

Together, we can establish the mind-set for our society

Some of us will write, others will voyeur, we all will learn

Re: Emma Grant Reading Process: Deconstructing Text

	

Post by emmagrant » Mon Feb 06, 2023 5:27 pm

Deploying Attention

"we 'reveal' ourselves by the words we choose to attend; paying attention, regardless of the author’s intent"

Not one of us experiences every situation the same

We are all different, unique, and individual yet when we come together in this fishbowl we can share, construct, and enhance one another

We are working to deploy OUR society

OUR version of events is reveled through what is shared, embellished, repeated, practiced, etc

Not only are we enhancing ourselves and our own individualistic betterment but

Together, we are enhancing the society we live in

Re: Emma Grant Reading Process: Deconstructing Text

	

Post by emmagrant » Mon Feb 06, 2023 6:07 pm

Our Mind-sets

Rosabeth Moss Kanter's philosophy is that we shine by lifting others. Strong leaders are those who can take a step back and look at the big picture and give recognition where it is deserved. To me, this mindset is fascinating and one I feel really aligns with GenZ thinking. As someone about to enter into the workforce, I find myself really drawn to this management style. As I was doing my research on her, I found myself digging and with a desire to learn more. She thinks that there is empowerment at all levels of an organization and when we look at the 6 conditions, we become better leaders.

I see this mindset taking shape in our fishbowl. We are looking for advancement, information, support, resources and power as we post and read and learn every week. Each letter provides the opportunity for this and each response is a catalyst for us to experience these things if we are able to step back and truly observe them.

Re: Emma Grant Reading Process: Deconstructing Text

	

Post by emmagrant » Mon Feb 06, 2023 6:34 pm

Plane of Immanence

How to we measure connection? See Growth? Know Interactions?

When we are contained, we live specifically, linearly,

What happens when we look outside this

When our conceptions are altered, changed, shifted

How are we shaped in our developing

What allows us to see the patterns, weave it together, create our conceptualizations of a topic

We must use the plane of immanence

Re: Emma Grant Reading Process: Deconstructing Text

	

Post by emmagrant » Tue Feb 07, 2023 8:59 am

The Notion of Ontology

"We are an ‘interpretive community’"

Just as Stanley Fish desired, we, the readers, care very deeply about our own felt experiences as we explore texts within the fishbowl. In this society we are all given the space to explore, feel, interpret and learn from one another. As we read, we adapt and shape our learning and it cultivates our culture within this society. We embody Fisher's ideology and are able to interpret without constrictions, boundaries, or preconceived notions.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/7/2023 14:20:47
Subject: reference letter
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Samantha,

I will most definitely and gladly be a reference for any student who received an A in the course.

However, I don’t think you need a letter from me at this stage (please confirm), because it might be assumed to be generic. Unless you want me to. It is better, if you give out my name as a Reference, and then the interested party concerned will get in touch with me. At that point, I will get in touch with you and share what I propose to write. It will be about your skills when contributing in a participative community called the fishbowl. This letter will leave a digital footprint, depicting your work experience in an interactive environment..

Furthermore, you might consider any one of my letters in the fishbowl as bearing testimony to your skills. I will always back you up. By receiving an A, you are the best spokesperson. 

I am placing this exchange in the fishbowl, for it will be helpful in understanding what is at stake.

Best wishes,

Sanjiv

On Feb 6, 2023, at 5:13 PM, Samantha Murray <smurray20@uri.edu> wrote:

Hi Professor Dugal.

My name is Samantha Murray. I was in your Business and Society class last semester. I received an A in the class. I was wondering if you still plan on giving the students who received an A a reference. If so I would love to get one!

Let me know if that would be possible.

Thanks.

Samantha Murray

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/6/2023 12:59:36
Subject: the notion of ontology
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? Take it slow, you’re dealing with a lot, but don’t lose the thread (metaphor) of your fishbowl. That is key.

You are all doing good work in the fishbowl. Such labor never goes unnoticed. The average grade looks like a B+. In class today, I will address the need for assurance (am I doing it right) regarding one’s work. The underlying questions are always: who are we, what are we doing, and why? Please see the attached image.

I.

How might I live (in the fishbowl, or anywhere else), is a question raised by Deleuze and, it is worth looking into from the point of Society and Culture, the subjects of our concern.

To answer such a question (how might I live?) from a Deleuzian perspective, we must (tip) grasp the notion of ‘ontology.' 

on·tol·o·gy 

noun

1. the branch of metaphysics dealing with the nature of being. 

2. a set of concepts and categories (words) in a subject area or domain (like the fishbowl) that shows their properties and the relations between them.

The ontology in the fishbowl is visible and shows the predominance of ’selection’ and ‘difference.’ Freedom and Democracy are the guiding principles. By seeing ‘difference' between our ‘selections,' we discover our ‘possibilities'; we probe what it means to be ‘us' and what our difference is capable of achieving. 

II.

Our reality is a reading relationship in a visual culture. We are 'reading-into’ text (diagnostic reading) and thereby writing our organizational life (society and culture).

We are an ‘interpretive community’ (please google Stanley Fish; he is from RI)) and we are following an ‘interpretive strategy’.

We are using images and metaphors (all words) to engage in a continuous construction and deconstruction of meaning in our encounters with everyday reality (made up of words).

The fishbowl’s organizational reality is a “living text” that is simultaneously “written” and “read.”

III.

We are showing (through our selection of words) how traditional concepts (archaic words) of organizations can be radically transformed through imaginative processes (innovative use of words) whereby new images and metaphors (represented by words) are used to create evocative (words) and energizing patterns (made by words) of shared meaning ( that are words).

We are unleashing our powers of creative thought, interpretation, and insight to broaden the possibilities for creative action.

IV.

In terms of specific practice in the fishbowl, our visible processes build on three key principles:

1. the interconnection between “reading” words and “writing” words.

2. how images (words) can be used as “mirrors” and “windows.”

3. practice as personal empowerment.

Please see Des Hatika’s excellent notes below. Taking and making notes is done to get our own understanding right, never mind what another Genius said or did. One’s understanding of anything is an ongoing process. I return to Deleuze every few years or so. Most useful for understanding one's present ethos, particularly for doing business.

Sanjiv

NOTION

from the fishbowl...

deshatika

Posts: 33

Joined: Mon Jan 23, 2023 2:07 pm

Google Search 9

post by deshatika » Sun Feb 05, 2023 11:00 pm

Gilles Deleuze was one of the most influential and prolific French philosophers of the second half of the twentieth century. He conceived of philosophy as the production of concepts, and he characterized himself as a "pure metaphysician". Deleuze tried to develop a metaphysics adequate to contemporary mathematics and science- a metaphysics where the concept of multiplicity replaces that of substance, event replaces essence and virtuality replaces possibility. The plane of immanence is a founding concept in the metaphysics or ontology of Gilles Deleuze. Immanence which means residing or becoming within, generally offers a relative opposition to transcendence, that which extends beyond or outside.

On Feb 6, 2023, at 7:34 AM, Sanjiv Dugal <sanjivdugal@gmail.com> wrote:

Looking at myself looking at myself!

Sent from my iPhone

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/5/2023 14:57:32
Subject: an example of &quot;plane of immanence,&quot; (Deleuze)&quot;
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I’d like to explain my last letter further, as it is poorly expressed (first draft), making it difficult to understand the meaning of the text.

Bottom line. Every post that Samantha Brown has made in the fishbowl is by submitting Reply and not New Topic each time. The outcome is a ‘stream' of thoughts (postings of words) with endless possibilities for connecting different concepts. This is the plane of immanence (Deleuze) and Brown did it, practically speaking, by hitting Reply and not New Topic.

Look up plane, as well as immanence. In my constructed understanding, the plane of immanence is a level that surfaces from within the individual. It is the inherent characteristic attribute of the individual. It is good to know things like this if you wish to do business in present day society.

Each posting that every single one of you has made in the fishbowl is from a ‘plane of immanence.'

This is what we see in the postings below. They are on the 'plane of immanence,’ and we can discern inherent things, like, patterns, perspectives, development, growth, weave, infinite possibilities. Please fact check.

I hope this helps in reading the previous email. 

In a nutshell: Develop four ‘streams' of your postings, i.e. your labor: 1.Vocabulary; 2.Google Searches; 3.Deconstructions; 4.Exercises.

Please see Nicole Joyce’ Topic: "Letter Deconstruction" and Maryam Ghazi’s Topic: "Concepts: Thoughts and Word-images (vocabulary)”.

We are on "planes of immanence” where traditional dichotomies, like, right/wrong, good/bad, near/far are now obsolete. More relevant oppositions are: did you/ did you not.

"I work in outbursts,” she shot back at me.

Sanjiv

STREAM, DISCERN, INHERENT, PATTERN, PERSPECTIVE, DEVELOPMENT, GROWTH, WEAVE, INFINITE, POSSIBILITY

from the fishbowl...

samanthabrown

Posts: 21

Joined: Sun Jan 22, 2023 5:28 pm

Post by samanthabrown » Fri Jan 27, 2023 3:05 pm

Letter 1

The sentence that resonated with me: "When figuring out The Fishbowl, or indeed anything else, you’re dealing with words and images, and they are all you got."

In the vocab part of this letter, words and images were defined as symbols that can look like anything, yet have specific meanings attached to them. Words and images also encapsulate felt-experiences. All you got refers to the fact that everything is some kind of symbol for some sort of message. The messages are assigned by culture, but we all acknowledge them. Experience alters our perception of the meaning, but the core meaning remains the same. All you got also refers to the fact that words and images are so powerful that we can summarize almost everything with them. The Fishbowl is home to the society that we are creating so this sentence can be further interpreted to mean that words and images are the building blocks of society.

This sentence speaks to the fact that we are constantly bombarded with information all time, weather we want to be or not. It is impossible not to be given that we have meaning attached to everything.

When reading the original sentence, I also reassured because in a very simple interpretation, it is saying that we have the tools to solve any problem.

I would reconstruct this sentence as: "Our society is based on giving meaning to everything and we can draw meaning from everything, allowing us to better understand ourselves and others."

Post by samanthabrown » Sat Jan 28, 2023 7:17 pm

Letter 2: Living Legend

Selected: "Every thing starts with reading because it generates thoughts, feelings and images."

Everything in this case seems to refer to culture and society and interpreting this leads to the message that was evident in both letter 1 and 2, that words, language, and symbols are the building blocks of our society. That draws from this line mentioning reading and while it is referring to the process of reading, it is also referring to the words and symbols that make up the reading. Words are symbols for meaning and if they are able to start things and generate things, it points to a very circular process of always drawing from the past and building upon what we already know and have. This line mentions that thoughts and feelings are generated through words which are themselves symbols for thoughts and feelings. This cyclicality feels weird to think about but maybe culture and society are based solely on the same thoughts and feelings, just continually reinterpreted and built upon. Our experiences alter our perception and it would therefore make sense that our society has never really changed, just altered as we perceive things differently. Thinking about all of this makes me feel connected to the writers of words and symbols throughout history.

To put this sentence back together, I would say: "Sharing meaning is a part of human nature and because of this we are never stationary as a society, but we are experiencing gradual change to our society."

Post by samanthabrown » Mon Jan 30, 2023 9:42 am

Letter: Generating Text

Selected Sentence: Ethnographic methods are qualitative, ‘inductive,' exploratory and longitudinal.

I chose this sentence because it challenges me. It feels overwhelming to look at because of the terms used to describe ethnographic methods and something about it interested me. As described in the letter, ethnographic methods are simply data collection methods. Methods are a way of doing something in a specific manner. Inductive, as discussed in vocab, is inferencing or drawing conclusions from data. This makes sense for ethnographic methods because that is their purpose. Qualitative refers to looking at the quality of something, in this case it would be data. This makes sense for data collection because you do not want erroneous data to be the base of your conclusions. Exploratory is referring to the fact that ethnographic methods involve looking around and seeing where the research takes you. Longitudinal is looking at the same thing over time when referring to studies. In the case of ethnographic methods, longitudinal refers to the fact that there is research available from any time available.

Putting the sentence back together: "Data collection methods assess quality and age of data, and also inferences from the data to further the process. While being a process, it is also somewhat exploratory, allowing for a more comprehensive generation of data."

Post by samanthabrown » Wed Feb 01, 2023 10:08 am

Letter: Doing of the Social Meeting Exercise

"The everyday world is concrete, real, and ordered on the surface, but it is underpinned by more complex structures and forces beyond the reach of traditional explanations."

--

This sentence immediately popped out at me. For some reason, I knew it was the one I wanted to deconstruct. It starts by saying that the "real world" (or what we consider it to be) appears to be ordered and concrete. Concrete is being used as to say that it is clear and certain. Then the sentence moves and says that the clearness, the certainty, and the order is only due to the support that complex structures and forces are giving it. Force is something powerful that is able to move other things. Things that defy traditional explanations would typically be magic, religion, and the supernatural, but in this case I feel like the sentence is not saying that. I feel as if it is speaking to something bigger picture. I think it is referring to forces of humanity, human nature, and the human desire to connect. In a broader sense, the sentence is saying "we cannot have order without some chaos". I connect with that because in my life I have this balance of order and chaos. This is likely why I was drawn to this line. Another way to reconstruct this sentence would be to say: "culture and society are created via the human desire for connection and need for certainty".

Post by samanthabrown » Wed Feb 01, 2023 10:39 am

Letter: Social Meeting: Interpretive Interactionism

"Interpretive interactionism asserts that meaningful interpretations of human experience can only come from those persons who have thoroughly immersed themselves in the phenomenon they wish to interpret and understand."

--

This sentence feels like it has a lot of meeting. Right on the top layer, it says that to really get something meaningful and really understand, we must fully immerse ourselves. I've never thought about it in this way before. I've experienced this phenomenon before and it never occurred to me to put it into words this way. I literally had a lightbulb moment reading this line and I can feel the power that this line holds. Interpretations are unique to the person that creates them, meaning that everyone could immerse themselves in the same experience and each have a different one. Phenomenons are different for everyone because, as previously defined, they are experiences that are hard to explain. This creates a 2 layers of differences: phenomenons and interpretations. To put this sentence back together, I would say: "Experience is the only way to truly understand something." Looking from the outside can never provide the same experience and perspective that living the experience can.

post by samanthabrown » Thu Feb 02, 2023 4:21 pm

Letter: Why deconstruct a text?

"Through this mind-set, what can be potential ‘dislocations' are really 'altered states of being' in different geographical and cultural locales."

--

This sentence resonated with me because the message behind it feels very powerful. Everything can be interpreted in a different way from the way that we interpret it. Interpretations can vary wildly from person to person. Psychology has taught me how we interpret things differently and why it occurs and philosophy can help me understand why this experience is part of something bigger as a human being in a culture and a society. Across societies, cultures, geographies, languages, and locales, this is a phenomenon we see over and over. The core of something transcends culture barrier and geographical barrier but as we look at the details, things start to get different. The details represent our culture and who we are as a person and as a member of society. Going down to a smaller level, our perspective can shift so much between our different mindsets. I can see one thing as bad through one lense of my perspective and good through another. Interpretation can be contradictory and that is part of the human experience.

post by samanthabrown » Sat Feb 04, 2023 12:57 pm

Letter: Deploying Attention

When you can look at your own attentional practices, you begin to think in new ways about how to deploy your attention.

---

Pay attention to how you pay attention. What is it that draws you in and catches your eye. Why does it do that? What if something else caught your attention? How would that change the meaning? Based on our past experiences, we all have developed a filter for our perception that causes certain things to resonate with us and that changes the meaning of the collective to fit our attention. If we acknowledge what catches our attention and focus and what causes us to focus, we can use that strategically to look for new meaning or different meanings. We have to have self-awareness before any of this is possible.

nicolejoyce

Posts: 8

Joined: Mon Jan 23, 2023 10:20 am

Letter Deconstruction

	

Post by nicolejoyce » Wed Feb 01, 2023 11:33 am

Letter 1 - Genesis of a Fishbowl

"Attendance has shifted toward the cerebral and away from the physical"

Attendance can soon be taken from reading the letters and then completing the fishbowl assignments online. Once you get the hang of logging into fishbowl and posting your work, then attendance is no longer needed in person. Attendance can now be taken from your thoughts and ideas in your mind when you post your work on the fishbowl.

Post by nicolejoyce » Fri Feb 03, 2023 2:27 pm

Letter 2 - Living Legend

"You are engaging with words that the letters are generating. And when you do so, you are generating more words."

These letters we are receiving have a deeper meaning. They help students engage and think deeper about each concept. When I am reading certain words throughout the letters that I may not fully understand, I go look up those words and then create a meaning that makes more sense to me, perhaps with more key words included. When this is done, I am then going back and reading through the letter and it happens to make more sense now that i have generated more words to my understanding.

post by nicolejoyce » Sat Feb 04, 2023 11:18 pm

Letter 3 - Generating text

"Data is collected through observation which is then used to draw conclusions"

Informational facts is what produces statistical data. To collect those facts and then draw conclusions on a specific topic, you need to observe information and take notes. By observing, you are taking in and studying facts to answer the question. When you gather your facts and data, you are then producing conclusions and answers that you're looking for.

maryamghazi

Posts: 12

Joined: Sun Jan 22, 2023 10:28 pm

maryamghazi

Posts: 12

Joined: Sun Jan 22, 2023 10:28 pm

Concepts: Thoughts and Word-images (Vocabulary)

Genesis of a Fishbowl

Post by maryamghazi » Sun Jan 29, 2023 2:50 pm

Genesis of a Fishbowl

GENESIS: an origin, creation, formation

Genesis is the beginning or generation of something.

WORD: a meaningful element of language, which is used in speech and writing

All words have a meaning attached to them and when used together create a greater meaning.

IMAGE: a visual representation of something

An image can also be defined as a mental conception or impression of an idea or thought.

ATTENDANCE: act of being present at a place or event, discipline of showing up

Attendance is a similar concept to presence and participation in an activity.

REGULAR: recurring at fixed or normal intervals, scheduled

Regular also relates to a routine.

REFLEXIVE: a reaction immediately after in response to something that happens

A person who does the action is also the person affected by it, this is also seen as reflexive.

SOCIETY: organized group of people with similar views or beliefs

A society is a form or companionship between people who have similar interests and views.

CULTURE: shared beliefs, values, and attitudes that characterizes a group of people

The term culture also refers to the common norms and social behaviors shared by people in a society.

Last edited by maryamghazi on Sun Jan 29, 2023 11:28 pm, edited 1 time in total.

Post by maryamghazi » Sun Jan 29, 2023 3:01 pm

Living Legend

LEGEND: an unverifiable story from the past

A legend can be historical or famous, but it is mostly authenticated.

RESONATE: resemblance, to evoke an emotional response, something that has an effect on you, and means a lot to you

When something resonates with you it has a strong effect on you and the way you think.

Post by maryamghazi » Wed Feb 01, 2023 6:08 pm

Generating Text

INDUCTIVE: the use of a specific observation or evidence to make a conclusion or create a theory

METHOD: a step by step procedure, orderliness, or systematic process that consists of planning and then acting

COLLECT: gather something, bring things together

DATA: facts, statistics used for analysis, visual representation of information

OBSERVATION: the action of watching or monitoring something to gather information

DRAW: to select or extract something useful

HOW: in what way, by what means, what method

GROUP: two or more people or things put together usually based on some similarity

FUNCTION: how something works or operates, the purpose or usefulness of something

Post by maryamghazi » Sat Feb 04, 2023 6:01 pm

Doing of the social meeting exercise

PREMISE: previously stated matter, a basis used for an argument or reasoning

CONSTRUCT: build or create something (even an idea or thought) by putting together pieces (can be pieces of information)

RELATION: connection or association between two or more things

WORD: an element of language, used in speech and writing, has a greater meaning behind it

SHARE: dividing a whole of something among multiple people, can also be a participation or contribution of knowledge and opinions

IPSO FACTO: a natural way of connecting two things, like a cause and an effect relationship

FORGE: create or shape a new relationship or connection using some effort

FRIENDSHIP: a relationship between two or more individuals formed through similarities in interests and opinions and based on mutual trust and respect

STRUCTURE: arrangement or organization of the parts of a system

SURFACE: the exterior or top layer of something

UNDERPIN: support from underneath to strengthen a foundation

COMPLEX: difficult or something with a deeper meaning

FORCE: physical strength or power could be used to make someone do things against their will

CONVERSATION: verbal communication between two or more individuals that results in an exchange of thoughts and information

KNOWING: having knowledge or awareness of something

FORMING: to create by putting things together

TRANSFORMING: to change the form or appearance of something

SELF: an individual’s nature or character that sets them apart from others

ETHNOGRAPHY: the study of individual cultures and their behaviors and interactions

EXPRESSION: displaying your thoughts or feelings, making them known

THOUGHT: an idea or opinion that develops in the mind

FEELING: a physical or emotion sensation

IMAGE: a visual representation of something or someone

OBSERVATION: the action of watching or monitoring something to gather information

SITUATION: a condition or location and surroundings of an individual or place

post by maryamghazi » Sat Feb 04, 2023 8:44 pm

Social Meeting: Interpretive Interactionism

INTERPRET: to understand or explain in a particular way so it’s easier to make sense of

PHENOMENON: a remarkable or extraordinary situation or occurrence

IMMERSE: to be deeply involved in something

INTERACTION: communication or involvement in something or with someone

EXPERIENCE: encountering and being affected by something and gaining lifelong knowledge

SYMBOLIC: something that represents or stands for something else

MEANING: what is intended by a word or action

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/4/2023 14:56:12
Subject: &quot;plane of immanence&quot;
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I trust you are keeping warm during these extreme temperatures. 

In this letter, I want to talk about the manner of your posts in the fishbowl.

How we think about our world and how we live in it are entwined. In other words, our ontology (please google) and our practical engagements are woven together.

This is true for everyone. A world that consists of particular things with strict borders that interact with other particular things (with their strict borders) according to particular natural laws will call us to certain kinds of living.

For instance, if particular things are what they are and nothing else, like every posting is a New Posting in the fishbowl, then we will not waste time imagining what else they might be or might become. We will conform ourselves to the possibilities presented to us by their actuality; by your posting.

If we abandon this way of thinking (and doing) of our world, particularly in the world of the fishbowl, then alternative ways of living (and Being) may appear to us.

We post in a way that we get to see the following...

perspective, the whole picture, development, growth, pattern, thread, weave, structure, connection of concepts...myriad, varied and multifarious.

I will be introducing the concept of immanence (existing or operating from within, inherent). Before I can do that, please view attributes of fishbowl postings under the following 4 Topic Heads with option to vary:

1. Vocabulary. 

You may also name it Definition of concepts; Meaning of concepts; or, Word-images.

2. Google Searches

You may name it Taking & Making Notes or Germinating Ideas

The above two may be combined into one topic head and named Connecting Concepts

1+2 done regularly, gets you a B+.

3. Deconstructing letters.

This section may be called Plane of Immanence. More on this later, as we go along. You are off to a good start. Congratulations.

In the Deconstructing letters you are in the A- category. Be sure to keep the thread. In your content, identify the subject of the letter. This is important.

4. Exercises

These are more of the same attributes but from different perspectives. Watching movies would fall in this category.

The Key to your postings in the above categories is to hit Post Reply when making a new posting under each category. That way, continuity will be maintained and we will be on what Deleuze calls the "plane of immanence."

A concept (word) does not stand alone. It links up with other concepts(words), coexists with them on a “plane of immanence” that allows different concepts (words) to resonate together in a multitude of ways. "It is the plane that secures conceptual linkages with ever increasing connections, and it is concepts that secure the populating of the plane on an always renewed and variable curve.” (please google Deleuze & Guattari and Plane of Immanence).

I will address questions and clarifications in Monday's class.

Sanjiv

INHERENT, IMMANENCE, PLANE, ATTRIBUTE

from the fishbowl...

On Feb 4, 2023, at 9:45 AM, Sanjiv Dugal <sanjivdugal@gmail.com> wrote:

Sent from my iPhone

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/3/2023 21:55:04
Subject: our mind-sets
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you?

Old definitions in business, as in most disciplines, are now defunct; terms such as ‘exporting’ and ‘importing’, ‘domestic’ and ‘overseas’ are now largely irrelevant.They encourage a mind-set that is in danger of being insular and limited by obsolete boundaries and distinctions. I see this a lot in my workplace.

Today, many companies are searching for a new language (words); a fresh way of perceiving their environments (through words); more complex and fluid organizational structures (made-up of words); new strategies and new leadership styles (visualizing words).

Rosabeth Moss Kanter (please google) identifies the search for a new business mind-set (structures of words) as one of the most important changes happening today. She points to the ‘triumph of process over structure’ as a key indication of this change. What is important is not how responsibilities are divided (by words) but how people can pull together (words) to pursue new opportunities (more words).

Whatever one's current organizational structure, there is a need to break down compartmentalized thinking--- whether between different disciplines, products, markets or cultures --- in order to adopt innovative business approaches.

"These are all words, where is the bacon," she shouted and slammed the door on her way out.

Sanjiv

DEFUNCT, OBSOLETE, INSULAR, OBSOLETE, BOUNDARY, DISTINCTION, DEFINITION

images from the fishbowl...

On Feb 3, 2023, at 4:31 PM, Sanjiv Dugal <sanjivdugal@gmail.com> wrote:

"Rearrange my structures, and you control my perceptions," she warned me.

Sent from my iPhone

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/3/2023 16:28:41
Subject: deploying attention
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you?

Please see the postings of Gianna Costa and Ethan Sillat below. Both are ‘immersed' in the phenomena at hand, because they choose the words they want to attend, and take them further...

Whenever we take original words further, by looking up the dictionary (sorting, sifting, selecting and substituting), we are embellishing, enhancing, repeating, and thereby, constructing new structures... of words, feelings, norms, values, experiences, interpretations and understandings.

Substituting words and constructing new structures...structures of words.

Whenever we do this, we 'reveal' ourselves by the words we choose to attend; paying attention, regardless of the author’s intent.

We are experiencing large scale shifts in attentional practices and norms all around us, according to Howard Rheingold ('Net Smart, How to Thrive Online’). Please google.

When you can look at your own attentional practices, you begin to think in new ways about how to deploy your attention.

Sanjiv

EMBELLISH, ENHANCE, REPEAT, CONSTRUCT, STRUCTURE, REVEAL, ATTEND, ATTENTION, PRACTICE, DEPLOY

from the fishbowl... 

giannacosta

Posts: 17

Joined: Sun Jan 22, 2023 5:57 pm

Post by giannacosta » Mon Jan 30, 2023 11:02 am

"How do we attend (pay attention) to things, like thoughts and feelings, is big business. The emphasis on just showing-up has shifted."

What I took from this quote is even if you are present in class, does not mean you are paying attention and learning. Attending class just to say you are present is not learning. To understand on a deeper level, you must be distraction free and have your full attention on what the class material is. Being mentally present is much more important and effective than being physically present.

Post by giannacosta » Mon Jan 30, 2023 11:32 am

"Every thing starts with reading because it generates thoughts, feelings and images. These are captured by the selection of a word (s), which is a representation, symbol, and metaphor."

The way we interpret things depends on what is used and context clues. One word could mean many things or interpreted with different emotions. Words combined together could be very powerful.

Post by giannacosta » Mon Jan 30, 2023 2:33 pm

Generating Text-

"Data is collected through ‘observation' which is then used to ‘draw' conclusions about ‘how' groups and individuals ‘function.'"

Data collected through observation is an invaluable tool for understanding how groups and individuals function. Observation allows researchers to gain insight into the behavior of individuals and groups in their natural environment, without the need for intrusive or artificial methods. This data can then be used to draw conclusions about how groups and individuals interact, how they make decisions, and how they respond to different stimuli.

Post by giannacosta » Wed Feb 01, 2023 11:09 am

Letter: Doing the Social Meeting Exercise

"How does workplace friendship differ, from the general meaning of friendship, is a question that has not been addressed much in University life."

This sentence greatly stood out to me. I have both workplace friendships and real friendships. Workplace friendship is a unique type of relationship that is often overlooked in university life. It is different from the general meaning of friendship in a few keyways. First, workplace friendships are often based on mutual respect and trust. This is because the workplace is a professional environment and the people involved are expected to act in a certain way. This means that workplace friendships are often more formal than other types of friendships. They are also often based on shared interests and goals, as opposed to the more casual relationships that are often found in university life. Workplace friendships are often more focused on the work itself. This means that the conversations and interactions between colleagues are often centered around the tasks at hand. This is in contrast to the more casual conversations that are often found in university life, which can range from discussing current events to talking about personal interests. Workplace friendships are often more short-term. This is because the workplace is a dynamic environment and people often move on to different jobs or roles.

Post by giannacosta » Wed Feb 01, 2023 11:31 am

Letter- Social Meeting: Interpretive Interactionism

“Interpretations of human experience can only come from those persons who have thoroughly immersed themselves in the phenomenon they wish to interpret and understand”

This statement is an interesting one, as it suggests that the only way to truly understand and interpret a human experience is to have experienced it firsthand. This idea is not without merit, as it is often said that experience is the best teacher. It is true that those who have experienced a phenomenon are likely to have a more nuanced understanding of it than those who have not. For example, a person who has experienced the death of a loved one is likely to have a more profound understanding of grief than someone who has not.

Post by giannacosta » Thu Feb 02, 2023 5:37 pm

Letter: Why deconstruct a text?

"Every setting, (posting in the fishbowl) presents itself as a watering-hole, an arena; every encounter becomes an enactment in which articulate informants vocalize, whether they realize it or not, a script."

Every time you post in the fishbowl, you are able to learn, grow, and talk endlessly about out topic without distraction. Each time you post something new, you are benefiting yourself greatly. You are vocalizing your voice to the professor and all of your classmates weather you realize it or not.

ethansillat

Posts: 9

Joined: Mon Jan 23, 2023 10:00 am

post by ethansillat » Thu Feb 02, 2023 2:20 pm

“You are deconstructing a text (a sentence) and thereby developing your own voice.”

When we read a text, or the written word presented, we need to deconstruct its meaning, pick it apart, and look for its intent. We find flaws in the text and we can assign meaning which is not there. When we deconstruct, we look for the hidden in the written (and verbal text), often to find ways to criticize it and argue with its rhetoric, or find rhetoric in it that may or may not be there. When we deconstruct, we put our own voice into the text, and it might not be what was intended. But, we have to take ownership, and responsibility for it, knowing that someone else will deconstruct our words and our voice, also in sometimes unintended ways. But, they are our voice, and, although it can be challenged, it is ours, not to be taken away. We own it. We take responsibility for it, and we must also take responsibility for how we choose to deconstruct the text. Jacques Derrida said, “I speak only one language and it is not my own.” but that does not mean you cannot take ownership of it, only that it was formed from the deconstruction of other’s meanings.

“To read a text in this way (by substituting words and taking them further) is a mindset”

Mindsets are often already there. When we deconstruct we have to have a new mindset. We need to take our natural ability to deconstruct when we talk to someone or argue with someone every day and transfer it to the text. We all can deconstruct. It is not a new concept, but we now have a word for what we are doing and can apply this mindset to all readings. We have to take our already developed mindset and develop and implement a new mindset of interacting and interpreting the text to weed out its meaning and deconstruct its symbols. When we develop, we create, we experiment, we fail, and we try again.

“Through this mindset, what can be potential ‘dislocations' are really 'altered states of being' in different geographical and cultural locales.”

To dislocate means to disturb what was originally there. It can be to a new place or it can lead you to a new meaning or a new idea. Dislocation does not have to be a bad thing. It can lead to discovery. It does not have to be feared. We can deconstruct the circumstances behind the dislocation and create positive situations. When things aren’t working in the way that they used to, we have to adapt and discover whether those changes can be good. People do not like it when you deconstruct their meaning. Derrida stated, “No one gets angry at a mathematician or a physicist whom he or she doesn’t understand, or at someone who speaks a foreign language, but rather someone who tampers with your own language.” We have to accept the disturbances to our texts, so we can grow and learn

“Every setting, (posting in the fishbowl) presents itself as a watering hole, an arena; every encounter becomes an enactment in which articulate informants vocalize, whether they realize it or not, a script.”

When we encounter or have an unexpected meeting which sometimes can be unwanted, we enact a performance. To find ourselves at a watering hole, we can encounter things we do not want. Things other than water lurk within and around the watering hole. The same within an arena. In an arena, we can be a witness, or we can be a participant. We must enact, and bring new things into existence as we encounter new things in the arena. We must also sometimes alter what needs to be done, or change it, enact a new state, or way of being to help us adapt to what is around us and what we interpret has been said.

Our ethos is everything. It tells our observers who we are, defines us, and is what gives us credibility. If our ethos is unworthy, we cannot create valuable discourse, we cannot be successful in our rhetoric, and we cannot even successfully participate if our ethos is seen to be lacking. Our very character is at stake when we put forth our ethos. How we interact in the fishbowl, at the watering hole, and in the arena defines us. We must strive to create an acceptable ethos as we interact, enact, and deconstruct in our environment.

“If this work seems so threatening, this is because it isn't simply eccentric or strange, but competent, rigorously argued, and carrying conviction” – Jacques Derrida

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/30/2023 11:56:50
Subject: generating text
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this Monday morning? I trust you were able to unwind over the weekend.

We will be considering a couple of opening exercises for this week. 

It's a good idea to be present in class today in order to get the hang of it.

One exercise is about generating an Ethnographic text. 

Ethnography is a ‘method' for collecting data.

Data is collected through ‘observation' which is then used to ‘draw' conclusions about ‘how' groups and individuals ‘function.'

Ethnographic methods are qualitative, ‘inductive,' exploratory and longitudinal.

See you later.

Sanjiv

INDUCTIVE, METHOD, COLLECT, DATA, OBSERVATION, DRAW, HOW, GROUP, FUNCTION

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/22/2023 14:43:15
Subject: Registering into the Fishbowl
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I trust you have read the syllabus attached in my first letter to you.

Please follow the steps below and enter the fishbowl. We will go over any difficulties in class.

We are not doing Brightspace because we are singularly forming a society and a culture.

We are observing the 'anthropology of cyborgs'!

First step type: www.sanjivdugal.net

1. On the first page, click on the link in the Top Right hand corner which reads “Register”.

Enter your:

Username is your full name, like mine: sanjivdugal

Password is your last name, like mine: dugal

Now Scroll down, until you reach Page 5.

2. On Page 5 Activate your Account by clicking on the link shown.

3. You’re in. every time you enter the fishbowl and your class, you will be asked for a password, type: spring23

This is necessitated to prevent spam. You will be using this password every time you are prompted. Please make a note of that: spring23.

You’re in. 

Locate your class and your group and your name. Click on your name. Make a posting.

Good luck! We’ll go over it together. I await our meeting anxiously.

The attached pdf is a page by page copy of instructions when you go to www.sanjivdugal.net

Best wishes,

Sanjiv

<fishbowl_instructions-1.pdf>

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/22/2022 5:26:20
Subject: what happened!
------------------------------------------------------------
Re: What Happened!

Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope your finals are behind you and you are preparing for a well-earned holiday.

What Happened is the title of the book by Hilary Clinton, and I raise the same question regarding your participation in the fishbowl. 

At the outset, I want to say that nothing is etched in stone, I.e., if you feel I should re-evaluate your fishbowl because I overlooked something you said or did during the semester, I will be happy to do so in the interest of transparency, accountability, justice and flexibility.

1. The Final was required across the board. Reading your finals proved satisfying because you displayed, regardless of your grade, that you “Got it.” There were a handful who did not post the final and your grade went down a notch. For instance, if you just did the vocabulary, you got a B-.

2. The A category was easy to determine. You were regular in sharing and posting your labor during the semester. The experience of the Fishbowl could not have happened without you. Thank you!

3. The difference between A- and B+ was determined by deconstruction of sentences from the films and other exercises.

4. The difference between B+ and B was determined by the amount and regularity of your google searches. Those who posted vocabulary as a New Topic each time proved a pain, because I had to make sure you hadn’t co-joined google searches and deconstructions.

5. Your fishbowls were about sharing and forming a learning community. Regularity and showing-up was key! You depicted an assemblage of singular ideas that generated unique knowledge content. We created each other!

6. The culture of your fishbowls is steeped in American values and you might look at the life and technique of Jackson Pollock’s drip paintings.

https://www.invaluable.com/blog/the-originality-of-jackson-pollocks-drip-paintings/

“When I am in my painting, I’m not aware of what I’m doing… I have no fears about making changes, destroying the image, etc., because the painting has a life of its own,” Jackson Pollock

Finally, I wish you Happy Holidays, a Merry Christmas, a Wonderful 2023 and the very best in your academic endeavors.

Be Safe and Stay Hydrated!

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/4/2022 7:04:53
Subject: finally the final (2)
------------------------------------------------------------
Re: finally the final (2)

Hi Everyone,

How are you? This email illustrates the first 5 Steps laid out in the previous letter. The Steps are easy to do because you have been doing them all semester. Each characteristic of MNCs, i.e., the opening structure that you begin with and follow through to Step 9, should not take more than 30minutes. Follow the KISS principle. There is no right nor wrong. Only, did you do it?

In other words, you are learning to write a brief that follows your original thinking. It cannot be replicated and it is done in the moment. It is an event and a situation of your own making. If you are having fun with it, you are doing it right.

REPLICATE 

I. Doing the Final

Step 1. Opening structure

You ‘enter the unknown’ from an opening structure, and the purpose is to develop knowledge and knowing. 

We ineluctably start from a previous structure, like one’s DNA or culture or language, and jump off a cliff or platform

Our imperative is to ‘un-think’ the opening structure as the key to conceptual debate from which we array and define an alternative agenda around which we can effect and judge other potential points of transformative application upon the world. 

This way of thinking highlights the spatiality of the ‘event’ and the materialization of the ‘situation’. You are thinking aside from structural normatives and the ethics of anti-foundational thought.

SPATIAL, EVENT, MATERIALIZE, SITUATION

IMPERATIVE, UN-THINK, CONCEPT, DEBATE

INELUCTABLE, ENTER, UNKNOWN, STRUCTURE

ASIDE, NORMATIVE, ANTI, FOUNDATIONAL, THOUGHT

Step 2. Word-pool

A random collection of words, used as inspiration for writing.

An organization of resources that can be shared.

A communal combination of words.

Generating words is generating ideas, categories, classifications, commonalities.

It is creating possibilities for changing structures.

GATHER, GENERATE, COLLECT, ORGANIZE, COMBINE

Step 3. Re-structuring

It is the act of organizing in a new way to make it operate more effectively. 

Organizational restructuring involves conducting an organizational assessment to identify areas of competence, improvement, and potential risks and applying the findings to inform strategic solutions.

Other words:

REORGANIZE, REARRANGE, REFORM, RESHUFFLE, REDISTRIBUTE, REFACTOR, STREAMLINE, REMODEL, REVAMP, RECONFIGURE

Difference between restructuring and reorganizing?

Reorganization may range from a relatively simple reconfiguration – splitting, dissolving, or merging words – to much more complex restructuring – fundamentally changing the resources, activities, and product offerings.

Difference between redesign and restructure?

Restructuring is changing the structure and reporting relationships. This is best suited for situations where the structural changes are straightforward fixes that resolve accountability confusion and goal alignment. Redesign, or transformation, is more comprehensive.

Step 4. Felt-Experience

Sometimes, we need to feel something rather than analyze it. To feel time, to feel space and place, to feel love and to reflect, to touch and go into nature and revel in the crafting of something unique. Feelings are our primary way of interacting with the world, yet many of us don't pause and unravel how they impact us.

Both emotional experiences and physical sensations — such as hunger or pain — bring about feelings, according to Psychology Today. Feelings are a conscious experience, although not every conscious experience, such as seeing or believing, is a feeling.

If you can feel something, you are aware of it because it is touching you. If you feel something happening, you become aware of it because of the effect it has on your body.

Step 5. Constructing Dichotomies

A dichotomy is a contrast between two things. When there are two ideas, especially two opposing ideas — like war and peace, or love and hate — you have a dichotomy.

A division into two especially mutually exclusive or contradictory groups or entities. The process or practice of making such a division into two opposed classes.

Dichotomy means that something has been divided into two parts. These two parts are usually in opposition to each other and create conflict or tension in the story. Dichotomy can occur within a single character who experiences an inner conflict, or it can apply to the broader theme or storyline of a narrative.

MUTUAL, EXCLUSIVE, OPPOSE

II. Fishbowl Society and Culture:

The Fishbowl challenges the Ivory Tower of academia by defining the “expert” not as someone who extracts data from a community, but someone who works within and alongside communities, gives back, and amplifies voices. The Fishbowl is interdisciplinary and international in scope, and provides rigorous analysis and radical thinking in clear language that is accessible to readers both within and outside of academia. The Fishbowl is a radical intervention in the COB, offering a vision of what we can be: accessible, inclusive and working towards a shared social justice, which benefits all. 

The Fishbowl reflects URI’s mission-driven approach to scholarship by platforming emerging voices and enabling the dissemination of bold thinking that will inform the work of future generations of scholars and change-makers. We togeth conceived the idea for the Fishbowl as a challenge to traditional academic frameworks and standards that have been exclusionary to undergraduate students and people of color.

Best of luck! I hope you will treat the assignment as an exercise in creativity. 

You are producing a short essay that presents a cutting-edge interpretation of the evolving gestalt of the global social whole by addressing the intersection between theory, production, circulation, and consumption of “new” global visual imagery.

INTERSECTION, EVOLVE, GESTALT, VISUAL, IMAGERY

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/30/2022 15:47:12
Subject: finally the final
------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Finally the Final

Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. 

We are nearing the end of this Dramaturgy which is our fishbowl.

Dramaturgy is a sociological perspective on identity that employs a theatrical metaphor to explore issues of identity formation and reformation. As such, dramaturgy assumes a place, a moment, and an audience to whom the identity is being presented.

There are a few thoughts I’d like to share before I get to the FINAL exercise. Please watch two films attached below: Strictly Ballroom and Beautiful People and deconstruct one sentence from each film along with a reflection. In present day Society and its Culture, we are experiencing and confronting many aspects worth considering closely. 

1. Strictly Ballroom

Strictly Ballroom mimics the social structure of a “mechanistic” organization in pursuit of "social inclusion" and "obedience to authority" as the way to act and behave towards each other. It is "militarized capitalism," and “organized time” according to Richard Sennett, The Culture of the New Capitalism (please google). The price individuals pay for organized time is freedom or individuality; this “iron cage” is both prison and home. It is represented by targets and goals, expectations and achievements that are symbols of success/failure.

My task, as leader/manager is to protect and promote your creativity as a social group: the undergraduate experience! 

When I fail to do that, I make myself “redundant." Like Lola said to Charlie Boy, “you made them redundant, you miserable sod.”

The specter of “uselessness” and redundancy haunts everyone today.

2. Beautiful People

The film Beautiful People depicts the chaos of global organizational spaces. What we realize and understand is that any pursuit of a universal objective meaning is woefully misguided and it is such pursuits that disconnect and prevent us from creating meaning and coherence in our lives. In the film, we see for ourselves, there is no clear system or meaning that can be learnt or taught and implemented with success; and, there are no universal objective truths to be known and there are no facts only interpretations. Emphasizing objectivity takes the spirit out of the experience of meaning which is inherently subjective, independent and expressive.

*****************

Doing the FINAL is an exercise in ‘tacit’ knowledge. Tacit knowledge is the knowledge you've gained through living experience, both in your personal life and professional development. ‘Tacit knowledge or implicit knowledge—as opposed to formal, codified or explicit knowledge—is knowledge that is difficult to express or extract, and thus more difficult to transfer to others by means of writing it down or verbalizing it. This can include personal wisdom, experience, insight, and intuition.’ Wikipedia.

Empirical research (done by Bartlett and Ghoshal in Harvard/London School of Economics) identified four characteristics of successful transnational organizations, viz.,

Integrated Networking Structures,

Complex Adaptive Systems,

Dynamic Decision-Making, and

Unique Innovative Capabilities.

Please undertake the following steps for each of the four characteristics in order to ENHANCE your understanding, knowledge and experience:

Step 1. First characteristic: Integrated Networking Structures

Step 2. Take each word further, (and further again, when necessary) from the dictionary/thesaurus and create a Word-pool of 10 or more words. Sort, select and sift.

Step 3. From your Word-pool in Step 2, construct a sentence structure that expresses your understanding of the characteristic under development.

Step 4. From your sentence structure in Step 3, do a felt-experience of your fishbowl; self-reflexivity. Be specific with examples and instances from the fishbowl. 

Tip for being specific: for every statement that you write in the first round of your felt-experience, answer the question: How so?

Inflection Point

Step 5. From the four Steps above, select two disparate words/symbols and create a dichotomy.

Step 6. Take the two words further in Step 5, and further again if necessary, and create a Word-pool.

Step 7. Construct a sentence structure from your Word-pool in Step 6.

Step 8. Do a felt experience from your fishbowl on the structure above; self-reflexively. Be specific with examples and instances. Use the Tip mentioned in Step 4. Doing so is essential to empower your text.

Step 9. A final reflection (one paragraph) on your process when developing tacit knowledge above.

I will be with you till the end and writing subsequently to further elucidate the Steps above. Develop the FINAL in a separate file at first and post it in the fishbowl only on 12/12, the last day of classes. You must show all your iterations, edits, deletions and re-writes. We are evaluating your thought process and not a neatly packaged final product. Please keep that in mind.

Best wishes, Be Safe and Stay Hydrated,

Sanjiv

Att/

Strictly Ballroom

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1RPmv5H4rcf7XNSGb6gCur-qaGJZGIQ7G/view?usp=sharing

Beautiful People

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Qd1OrIignZTDADnY27nT2fWElVdEdMhX/view?usp=sharing

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/8/2022 13:35:27
Subject: critical-thinking skills
------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Critical-thinking skills

Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well. In case you missed them, please see Caitlyn Rodriguez’ reflections below as an example of creating knowledge and knowing content.

Looking at your fishbowls, I’ve been thinking of abstracting your works along the thoughts of John Dewey and Jacques Derrida. Please google their names, if you haven’t done so. Your reflections are a form of critical analysis. Critical analysis is the detailed examination and evaluation of another person's ideas or work. It is subjective writing as it expresses your interpretation and analysis of the work by breaking down and studying its parts.

Critical analysis allows you to have greater clarity on the issues and information you process. Academic disciplines are kept alive through constant reflection, debate and refinement of ideas. Critical analysis is thus crucial to the survival and renewal of all fields of enquiry.

The 21st century learning skills are often called the 4 C's: critical thinking, creative thinking, communicating, and collaborating. These skills help students learn, and so they are vital to success in school and beyond. Critical thinking is focused, careful analysis of something to better understand it.

Critical-thinking skills connect and organize ideas. Three types distinguish them: analysis, inference, and evaluation.

Sanjiv

ANALYSIS, INFERENCE, EVALUATION

From the fishbowl…

caitlynrodriguez

Posts: 75

Joined: Mon Sep 05, 2022 2:30 pm

1. Deconstructions

Post by caitlynrodriguez » Wed Sep 21, 2022 7:24 pm

Letter: Aesthetic Response Again

Structure: "You develop a theory of aesthetics which rejects strict categorization, emphasizing instead the crucial importance of individual subjectivity as a counter to the latent dangers of collective cultures and authoritarianism."

Breakdown:

THEORY- a supposition or a system of ideas intended to explain something, especially one based on general principles independent of the thing to be explained.

AESTHETICS- a set of principles concerned with the nature and appreciation of beauty, especially in art.

REJECT- dismiss as inadequate, inappropriate, or not to one's taste.

STRICT- demanding that rules concerning behavior are obeyed and observed.

CATEGORIZATION- the action or process of placing into classes or groups.

CRUCIAL-decisive or critical, especially in the success or failure of something.

SUBJECTIVITY- the quality of being based on or influenced by personal feelings, tastes, or opinions; the quality of existing in someone's mind rather than the external world.

COUNTER- in the opposite direction to or in conflict with; responding to something of the same kind, especially in opposition, speak or act in opposition to.

LATENT- (of a quality or state) existing but not yet developed or manifest; hidden or concealed.

DANGERS- a person or thing that is likely to cause harm or injury.

COLLECTIVE- done by people acting as a group; a cooperative enterprise.

AUTHORITARIANISM- the enforcement or advocacy of strict obedience to authority at the expense of personal freedom; of blind submission to authority.

Felt-experience & elaboration:

In the context of the letter, I understand this structure stresses the importance of individuality in our writing and reinforces the free-flowing nature of this course under Professor Dugal. Here in the fishbowl, we are free to write and reflect in our own words with a loose prompt, allowing for more diverse writing that better shows our true character and our thinking. We are not bound by a textbook and strict lesson plans that so many courses require. I am grateful to be able to write with my own voice, as over the years the writing required by my classes have called for more a formal, unopinionated, scientific tone. Of course some types of papers need to have that neutrality, but it has taken away a lot of joy around writing for me. When I was younger, I was a huge bookworm and I always had ideas for creative writing pieces that I would put together for fun. Nowadays, I don't write for fun much, except for the occasional diary entry. Will this be my catalyst for change? We'll see.

2. Re: Deconstructions

Post by caitlynrodriguez » Wed Sep 28, 2022 11:04 pm

Letter: Completing the Social Meeting Exercise

Structure: "I believe that the best hope for our species lies in learning new patterns of attention to each other and to the biosphere, patterns that grow out of curiosity and respect and allow for wonder and learning."

Breakdown:

BELIEVE- accept (something) as true; feel sure of the truth of; hold (something) as an opinion; think or suppose.

HOPE- a feeling of expectation and desire for a certain thing to happen; a feeling of trust.

SPECIES- a group of living organisms consisting of similar individuals capable of exchanging genes or interbreeding. The species is the principal natural taxonomic unit, ranking below a genus and denoted by a Latin binomial, e.g. Homo sapiens; a kind or sort.

BIOSPHERE- the regions of the surface, atmosphere, and hydrosphere of the earth (or analogous parts of other planets) occupied by living organisms.

GROW- (of a living thing) undergo natural development by increasing in size and changing physically; progress to maturity; become larger or greater over a period of time; increase.

CURIOSITY- a strong desire to know or learn something; a strange or unusual object or fact.

RESPECT- a feeling of deep admiration for someone or something elicited by their abilities, qualities, or achievements; due regard for the feelings, wishes, rights, or traditions of others.

ALLOW- give (someone) permission to do something.

WONDER- a feeling of surprise mingled with admiration, caused by something beautiful, unexpected, unfamiliar, or inexplicable; desire or be curious to know something.

LEARNING- the acquisition of knowledge or skills through experience, study, or by being taught.

Felt experience/elaboration:

The hope expressed in this sentence is one I align with. So much creation and innovation comes from collaboration. Creation and innovation is exactly what is needed to tend to the anthropogenic damages that now afflict our biosphere, our environment, our planet. One person can be very productive on their own, but impactful inventions and ideas need help to get noticed and started up. For the collaboration needed, it is indeed true that we need to learn to better understand one another and learn to listen and focus and reflect. This could be difficult to accomplish as our society becomes more dependent on our smartphones for entertainment. Studies have shown that this constant usage is ruining our ability to focus for long periods of time and results in less idle time to stumble upon creativity. Many times in my life, I have been told that boredom breeds creativity, that it's good to be uncomfortably restless with nothing to do because then you'll be forced to find your own entertainment or occupation. Nowadays, this relief is often found on our phones or by watching TV. There is absolutely an addictive, dopamine-linked effect that occurs here, but it should also be noted that our phones and other devices have provided comfort during hard times like the recent pandemic. Some people fear being idle, allowing boredom to creep across them, lest they begin to think bad, traumatic, harmful thoughts. However, strong emotions like anger, fear, and sadness bring beautiful inspirations and ideas to the surface. Our time is short and valuable on this planet, so whether it is to cope or to pass the time, it is ideal to discover ones passions, curiosities, and wonderment to form new bonds and learn from others.

3. Re: Deconstructions

Post by caitlynrodriguez » Sat Oct 22, 2022 12:42 pm

Letter: Linguistic Turn Oct 4

Structure: "You are indeed a visionary when you develop your own dichotomies and categories and structures... It is tantamount to changing labels on boxes and changing the shelves they go on…”

Breakdown:

VISIONARY-(especially of a person) thinking about or planning the future with imagination or wisdom; relating to or able to see visions in a dream or trance, or as a supernatural apparition.

DEVELOP-grow or cause to grow and become more mature, advanced, or elaborate.

OWN- something that belongs to the person or thing mentioned.

DICHOTOMIES- a division or contrast between two things that are or are represented as being opposed or entirely different.

CATEGORIES- a class or division of people or things regarded as having particular shared characteristics; one of a possibly exhaustive set of classes among which all things might be distributed.

STRUCTURES- the arrangement of and relations between the parts or elements of something complex.

TANTAMOUNT- equivalent in seriousness to; virtually the same as.

LABELS- a small piece of paper, fabric, plastic, or similar material attached to an object and giving information about it; assign to a category, especially inaccurately or restrictively; a classifying phrase or name applied to a person or thing, especially one that is inaccurate or restrictive.

Felt experience/elaboration-

When we were assigned to do the dichotomy activity for the social meeting activity, it became clear that any two words can be connected or linked in some ways. When we define words in the fishbowl, and sometimes even redefine words several times, we find that there are multiple definitions to each word and dependent on the context of the letters we may be drawn to different definitions. When creating and linking dichotomies, we can alter the definition of the words that are being juxtaposed to show a stronger relationship between them. By doing this, we are liberating the words of their strict, shallow definitions and constructing a universal truth. This reminds me of Lola from Kinky Boots and the resistance she faces when she would desire to present herself authentically was seen a threat to categorization around her. The definitions of "woman" and "man" were strict in the minds of those who were uncomfortable with her expression. This led to the questioning of Lola's validity by her critics and herself. Through the progression of the story and at the end, those words are redefined not by the physical characteristics but by the actions and measures of the characters that validate how they present to the world.

4. Re: Deconstructions

Post by caitlynrodriguez » Sat Oct 22, 2022 12:58 pm

Letter: Production of Subjectivity Oct 9

Structure: “It is our subjective process that produces outcomes of value.”

Breakdown:

SUBJECTIVE- based on or influenced by personal feelings, tastes, or opinions.

PROCESS- a series of actions or steps taken in order to achieve a particular end.

PRODUCE- make or manufacture from components or raw materials; cause (a particular result or situation) to happen or come into existence.

OUTCOMES- the way a thing turns out; a consequence.

VALUE- the regard that something is held to deserve; the importance, worth, or usefulness of something.

Felt-experience/Elaboration-

Our subjectiveness allows for unique output as we inject our individual and shared perspectives, our past experiences, and our own interpretations of the tasks at hand. The value, however is also subjective. In my view, the outcomes of value are defined by the creator of the outcomes. It is up to you to define the value of your own work, whether you consider the opinions and perspectives of your critics or not. Still, one should have standards for their own work to be able to determine the threshold above which outcomes excel those standards or not.

5. Re: Deconstructions

Post by caitlynrodriguez » Mon Nov 07, 2022 8:16 pm

Letter: Taking Stock Oct 13

Structure: “We create each other, bring each other into being by being part of the matrix in which the other exists”

Breakdown:

CREATE- bring (something) into existence.

OTHER- that which is distinct from, different from, or opposite to something or oneself.

BEING- existence; the nature or essence of a person.

MATRIX- an environment or material in which something develops; a surrounding medium or structure.

EXISTS- have objective reality or being; live, especially under adverse conditions.

Felt-experience:

After breaking down this structure, I believe it ultimately refers to the ways in which we perceive other human beings, whether in one's own thoughts or by communicating with or writing about others. You and everyone you come across creates you, the perceived version of you again and again through observation and interaction that leads to perception, judgement, and assumption. Just seeing someone confirms their existence in this matrix, as we automatically categorize. To take it further, the information we gather from interactions with each other shapes who we are, creates us, as we apply and imitate what we have learned and experienced.

6. Re: Deconstructions

Post by caitlynrodriguez » Mon Nov 07, 2022 8:49 pm

Letter: Self-valorization Oct 21

Structure: “We have demonstrated the power to generate and sustain social norms and structures of value independent of economic relations of production.”

Breakdown:

DEMONSTRATED- give a practical exhibition and explanation of (how a machine, skill, or craft works or is performed).

POWER- the ability to do something or act in a particular way, especially as a faculty or quality.

GENERATE- cause (something, especially an emotion or situation) to arise or come about.

SUSTAIN- strengthen or support physically or mentally; uphold, affirm, or confirm the justice or validity of.

NORMS- something that is usual, typical, or standard; a standard or pattern, especially of social behavior, that is typical or expected of a group.

VALUE- the regard that something is held to deserve; the importance, worth, or usefulness of something.

INDEPENDENT- free from outside control; not depending on another's authority; not depending on another for livelihood or subsistence.

RELATIONS- the way in which two or more concepts, objects, or people are connected; a thing's effect on or relevance to another.

Felt-experience:

In the letter, this structure was referring to the norms and organization of value and meaning that are created here in the Fishbowl. In dissecting the sentence and learning that economic relations of production is defined as "the relationship between those who own the means of production (the capitalists or bourgeoisie) and those who do not (the workers or the proletariat)." However, this is also applicable to groups of people who interact in person, such as school or community clubs that build relationships, sets of values, roles, and organizational structures. When we collaborate to create these organized societies of sorts, we are are improving or "self valorizing" that help advance the individuals and the collective.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/6/2022 19:29:26
Subject: Intercultural Competence
------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Intercultural Competence

Hi Everyone,

How are you?

Culture has five basic characteristics: It is learned, shared, based on symbols, integrated, and dynamic. All cultures share these basic features.

I would like to comment on two specific issues:

1. An individual always keeps a dialogue with his/her own culture. So culture makes who you are and you also make culture. It's a very dialectic process. Please see Marisa Cayer’s posting and Matthew Byrne’s postings below. Also, when we talk about the relation between culture and identity, an individual is not made only by national culture. There are other levels of culture which compose who you are (e.g. organizational culture, community culture, regional cultures...etc).

2. It is essential to look at differences but also to reflect on how they have a common ground and on how they might complement each other when having to work together.

Yes, culture is something really hard to run away from. We are inserted in culture from the moment we are born and it gets under our skin. So even when we are not aware, it has an influence on us. Each person, who grows up in a specific cultural context, can develop their own perceptions and share features of their own culture, in a relation of mutual influence.

You have Intercultural Competence (please google) when you are able to talk and work with people from different cultures having respect for each of them and trying not to judge when they act differently from you. It entails reflection about oneself and others.

Watch the videos Outsourced and Iron & Silk and answer the questions:

1. What kind of barrier does the American find when trying to communicate with the other culture? 

2. Why do you think it happened?

Our Method: the best way to proceed when considering such questions is to select a sentence from the videos, deconstruct, and share a felt-experience from your personal life.

Sanjiv

DIALECTIC, MUTUAL, INFLUENCE

From the fishbowl…

marisacayer

Posts: 62

Joined: Wed Sep 07, 2022 11:23 am

OUTSOURCED DECONSTRUCTI

post by marisacayer » Sun Nov 06, 2022 12:34 pm

OUTSOURCED:

“Sometimes destruction is a good thing, she ends one cycle so another can begin”

Asha says this sentence to Todd when they are in the taxi together and he asks what a certain Indian symbol means. Asha describes the importance of the symbol. It shows the difference between American and Indian culture. Americans hear the word “destruction” and think of bad things such as tragedy, sadness, misfortune, etc. On the other hand, in Indian culture, they see destruction as a new opportunity or fresh start. They see destruction as a possibility of something better than before. This is a way to start a new cycle, learn from the old. From this destruction of the ferry, Todd and Asha were brought together and showed their feelings for one another. Without destruction of the ferry, they would have never had the chance to connect.

MatthewByrne

Posts: 74

Joined: Wed Sep 07, 2022 10:47 am

Deconstructing Sentences

Post by MatthewByrne » Sat Nov 05, 2022 4:46 pm

From: Attending, observing, registering and correlating:

Selected sentence: In foreign territory, recognize the cultural matrix of particular patterns of behavior, see the connectedness and accept their necessity.

Foreign- characteristic of a country or language other than one's own. strange and unfamiliar.

Territory- an area of land under the jurisdiction of a ruler or state.

Recognize- identify (someone or something) from having encountered them before; know again.

Matrix- an environment or material in which something develops; a surrounding medium or structure.

Patterns- repetition of something

Connectedness- the state of being joined or linked. a feeling of belonging to or having affinity with a particular person or group.

This sentence was chosen because I thought it related well to the fishbowl. This class contains students from a variety of cultures, and we are all in a foreign territory, the fishbowl, learning about the connectedness of our thoughts and feelings through the fishbowl. This sentence explains how we can use the fishbowl to share our ideas and interpretations. It's fascinating to see the similarities and differences between the posts, but it's important to understand and respect everyone's viewpoint. This sentence also puts in my mind the idea of ‘intercultural awareness,’ which is the knowing of your own cultural identity and others. I found all the defined words to be very important to the structure and understanding of this sentence.

MatthewByrne

Posts: 74

Joined: Wed Sep 07, 2022 10:47 am

Re: Deconstructing Sentences

Post by MatthewByrne » Sat Nov 05, 2022 5:09 pm

From: The Culture Exercise: Comparing cultures in terms of broad value differences:

Sentence chosen: Every ‘word' comes attached with an ‘image' and their meaning is culturally determined.

Word- a single distinct meaningful element of speech or writing, used with others (or sometimes alone) to form a sentence.

Attached- joined, fastened, or connected to something.

Image- a representation of the external form of a person or thing.

Meaning- what is intended by a word, text, concept, or action.

Culturally- in a way that relates to the ideas, customs, and social behavior of different societies.

Determined- ascertain or establish exactly, typically as a result of research or calculation.

I chose this sentence because of its relation to the ‘intercultural awareness’ theme. Every ‘word’ does in fact come attached with an ‘image;’ it is important to use ‘intercultural awareness’ and understand that people can have different images attached to certain words based on their culture. Different cultures can have different meanings and images attached to words. The fishbowl is a collection of interpretations of different words and images.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/25/2022 2:24:15
Subject: american culture exercise
------------------------------------------------------------
Re: American Culture Exercise

Hi Everyone,

How are you?

Whenever you make a posting in the fishbowl, you are being a reflective practitioner. Please see Evan Sanford’s posting below.

How so? 

Every decision that you are making (before the act of posting in the fishbowl) has to do with sorting, sifting and selecting words. 

This is what reflection in-action and reflection upon-action are about in my opinion. Please fact-check your process. 

Our reflections are generated by our perceived differences. By comparing and contrasting. 

What I learn from Charlie Price and Lola (Kinky Boots), Sandy and Hiromitsu (Japanese Story) is that in order to connect across each other’s differences, we have to change our perceptual structures (change the words/labels that we have given to our categories and dichotomies). Please think about it. We got to be able to change our metaphors and our structures; thinking on our feet.

You see the meaning of this statement in the stories of Japanese Story and Kinky Boots. Particularly Charlie Price and Lola, who are truly a success story for doing business in the 21st. “Being able to evaluate thoughts, decisions, and actions while experiencing something can be very essential in making quick business decisions.” ( Sansford, E. 2022 fishbowl)

We’re at an inflection point in the course. We are now navigating the meaning of culture. Tricky terrain. Watching the film Moonrise Kingdom is key. It was shot in Rhode Island. Wes Anderson is one of my favorite Directors and I admire him a lot. Our purpose is to get a handle on the American ‘system of beliefs and values’ and Wes Anderson is a great place to start. 

American Culture Exercise: Deconstruct the text in the film, Moonrise Kingdom, and relate your cultural felt experiences. 

Your postings, each and every one, is in the moment, and evidence of your leadership. 

You’re making decisions on your feet.

You are getting ready for leadership roles by following a reflexive practice. 

How so? 

You removed the dichotomy of right/wrong. 

You created a new dichotomy: you doing it / you are not.

Sanjiv

SYSTEM, BELIEF, VALUES, NAVIGATE, TERRAIN, MEANING

From the fishbowl…

 

evansanford

Posts: 96

Joined: Thu Sep 08, 2022 8:33 pm

Donald Schön, The Reflective Practitioner

post by evansanford » Mon Oct 24, 2022 6:41 pm

"He theorized that practitioners solve these problems through use of conscious analysis of what they are experiencing and why their usual actions are not helping them to work effectively. This consideration is termed ‘reflection-inaction’, and becomes the basis from which practitioners create, in motion, new practice that allows them to solve their practice conundrums."

This excerpt is from a review of Donald Schön's, "The Reflective Practitioner." It goes more in-depth on the term reflection-in-action. I think this method of thinking is one that is very important to have as a trait and can be used in many different practices around the world. Being able to evaluate thoughts, decisions, and actions while experiencing something can be very essential in making quick business decisions. Making rapid decisions on the spot can be very challenging, but being able to use reflection-in-action may make for a more effective business.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/24/2022 18:13:21
Subject: what about one's culture?
------------------------------------------------------------
Re: what about one’s culture?

Hi Everyone,

How are you? So what about culture?

“As we globalize, we increasingly have to interact, manage, negotiate and compromise with people from different cultures. Working with people whose values and beliefs, not to mention languages and customs are different from your own can make for costly misunderstandings. Experience tells us, often painfully, that one’s behavior, actions and decisions are not separate from one’s values and beliefs. All social behavior is embedded in a particular context and is connected to other deeply held values and beliefs. This means that the stakes are high for mismanaging cultural differences.” (Lisa Hoecklin, 'Managing Cultural Differences: Strategies for Competitive Advantage,' The Economist Intelligence Unit Series, Addison-Wesley, 1995)

To begin with, we must understand our cultural assumptions in America. 

Please watch the film Moonrise Kingdom and google the name Wes Anderson. 

Please relate your experience (as an American or foreigner) to the beliefs and values depicted in the film through symbols, gestures and words spoken; that is, the behavior, actions and decisions taken by the protagonists in the film.

Sanjiv

BELIEF, VALUES, CULTURAL, ASSUMPTION, EMBEDDED, SOCIAL, CONTEXT

From the fishbowl…

Moonrise Kingdom

ttps://drive.google.com/file/d/1j89wik5UPQcN_IA5XJ_R78qmUmzV_DlZ/view?usp=sharing

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/24/2022 1:16:10
Subject: immaterial labor' as a resource
------------------------------------------------------------
Re: 'immaterial labor' as a resource

Hi Everyone,

How are you?

At the heart of the phenomenal success of Kinky Boots is the notion of ‘immaterial labor’ as a resource that was skillfully utilized by Lola. 

Please watch the film and think of Lola as a successful producer using ‘immaterial labor’ as her resource, and think of Charlie Price as the consumer and beneficiary of Lola’s skill and collaboration. 

Please think of the communication and 'social relationship' between Lola and Charlie Price in Kinky Boots and relate it to the rendition of Lazzarato’s Immaterial Labor by Eric Costa below.

Immaterial labor as a resource, thanks to Lola’s collaboration, is the way to understand the success of Charlie Price turning his business around.

Sanjiv

RENDITION

From the fishbowl…

EricCosta

Posts: 75

Joined: Mon Sep 05, 2022 8:00 am

Re: Forays into the depts of the information super highway!!!

post by EricCosta » Sun Oct 23, 2022 8:02 pm

Excerpt from Generation Online - Immaterial Labor by Maurizio Lazzarato

Immaterial labor finds itself at the crossroads (or rather, it is the interface) of a new relationship between production and consumption. The activation of both productive cooperation and the social relationship with the consumer is materialized within and by the process of communication. The role of immaterial labor is to promote continual innovation in the forms and conditions of communication (and thus in work and consumption). It gives form to and materializes needs, the imaginary, consumer tastes, and so forth, and these products in turn become powerful producers of needs, images, and tastes. The particularity of the commodity produced through immaterial labor (its essential use value being given by its value as informational and cultural content) consists in the fact that it is not destroyed in the act of consumption, but rather it enlarges, transforms, and creates the "ideological" and cultural environment of the consumer. This commodity does not produce the physical capacity of labor power; instead, it transforms the person who uses it. Immaterial labor produces first and foremost a "social relationship" (a relationship of innovation, production, and consumption). Only if it succeeds in this production does its activity have an economic value. This activity makes immediately apparent something that material production had "hidden," namely, that labor produces not only commodities, but first and foremost it produces the capital relation.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/23/2022 23:05:36
Subject: finishing the semester details: INTED2023 Conference Announcement
------------------------------------------------------------
Re: finishing the semester details: INTED2023 Conference Announcement

Hi Everyone,

How are you?

November 1st we will go fully online for rest of the semester. We can meet on Skype or Zoom, if need be. 

Until then, I will be holding office hours in Ballantine as usual during the class time. If you are having difficulties of any kind, this is the time to meet face-to-face, over the next two weeks.

Here’s what is coming up ahead?

You are to watch three movies and deconstruct selected sentences spoken in the films. You know the drill by now. The sooner you get through the films, please note, the clearer will be my letters during rest of the semester. The emphasis will shift to the notion of culture and the The 2020 Rome Charter is a good place to start.

At this point in the semester, you are well conversant with the methodologies being used.

During the month of November, you will be working on completing your Final postings and watching the three films. Details will follow. We want to be done pretty-much by Thanksgiving.

After November 1st, I will be going into research mode due to deadlines beyond my control. I will be studying your on-going postings and abstracting from them, in order to present, along with your co-authorship, at the conference INTED2023 (please google: https://iated.org/inted/). More details will follow and I will keep you informed as I proceed with constructing The Abstract.

I will always be available for advice online until the end of the semester. Please mention the course and section when you write.

Nothing has changed with regard to our understanding of the grade allocation. We are in this together, and we watch each other’s back!

Please google INTED2023.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/23/2022 19:45:01
Subject: self-valorization
------------------------------------------------------------
Re: self-valorization

Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well.

In the fishbowl, we are experimenting, together and apart, in new democratic forms of social organization and action in horizontal, nonhierarchical networks. 

Self-valorization is the principal concept circulating among us. Self-valorization is the building block for constructing a new form of sociality: a new society, we call the fishbowl.

We have demonstrated the power to generate and sustain social norms and structures of value independent of economic relations of production.

Please read Eric Costa’s postings below in that light. 

Sanjiv

SELF, VALORIZE, PRINCIPAL, CONCEPT, GENERATE, SUSTAIN, SOCIAL, NORM, STRUCTURE, VALUE

From the fishbowl…

EricCosta

Posts: 72

Joined: Mon Sep 05, 2022 8:00 am

Re: Forays into the depts of the information super highway!!!

Post by EricCosta » Tue Oct 18, 2022 6:24 am

Excerpt from Interpretive Methodologies and Methods

Interpretive methodologies and methods are informed by philosophical traditions such as hermeneutics, phenomenology, pragmatism, symbolic interaction, and critical theory. Notwithstanding their differences, these traditions presuppose that the meaningfulness and historical contingency of human life sets the social realm apart from the natural and physical worlds, when it comes to research. Although diverse in their modes of generating and analyzing data, research processes in the interpretive tradition are typically characterized by an empirical and normative prioritizing of the lived experience of people in research settings, including the documentary and visual tracings and heritage of these (what Clifford Geertz referred to as “experience-near” research), a focus on the meaning(s) of acts, events, interactions, language, and physical artifacts to multiple stakeholders, and a sensitivity to the historically contingent, often contested character of such meanings.

Re: Forays into the depts of the information super highway!!!

Post by EricCosta » Tue Oct 18, 2022 10:27 am

Twitter post by Howard Rheingold, 31 January 2020

I wrote Net Smart 10 years ago, published 8 years ago https://mitpress.mit.edu/books/net-smart because I saw that attentional self-control, online crap detection, participation & collaboration skills, network awareness were not only essential for success in the emerging digital culture, but could contribute to a healthier and more valuable online commons. I generally wrote about 10 years ahead, so Net Smart advice is still useful. What I didn't anticipate was how attentional engineering, surveillance capitalism, behavioral microtargeting could so swiftly and powerfully amplify bad actors. I will write about that soon. Meanwhile, I think it's still a good high school graduation gift for the parents as well as the graduates.

Re: Forays into the depts of the information super highway!!!

Post by EricCosta » Tue Oct 18, 2022 11:44 am

Excerpt from Forbes, The Year of the Knowledge Worker

Knowledge workers have proved instrumental to the economy, especially over the last 20 years, and are now more critical than ever as society shifts to remote work.

Noted for high levels of creativity and productivity, knowledge workers began as technology-based professionals such as web programmers or web designers and have since expanded to include writers, researchers, accountants, engineers, designers, physicians and more.

The key indicator is that a knowledge worker "thinks" for a living instead of performing physical tasks. Other indicators may include the ability to:

• Develop new products or services.

• Solve complex problems.

• Handle complex mechanisms autonomously.

• Focus on quality over quantity.

• Work relatively independently.

Knowledge workers use high-level communication skills to work independently and collaboratively in order to accomplish complex tasks, usually by using the latest technology. Most notably, a knowledge worker is someone who can learn and adapt to a shifting workplace.

Re: Forays into the depts of the information super highway!!!

Post by EricCosta » Tue Oct 18, 2022 11:51 am

Excerpt from WorldBank.org

The following pillars are four critical requisites for a country to be able to fully participate in the knowledge economy:

Education & Training

An educated and skilled population is needed to create, share and use knowledge.

Information Infrastructure

A dynamic information infrastructure-ranging from radio to the internet-is required to facilitate the effective communication, dissemination and processing of information.

Economic Incentive & Institutional Regime

A regulatory and economic environment that enables the free flow of knowledge, supports investment in Information and Communications Technology (ICT), and encourages entrepreneurship is central to the knowledge economy.

Innovation Systems

A network of research centers, universities, think tanks, private enterprises and community groups is necessary to tap into the growing stock of global knowledge, assimilate and adapt it to local needs,

and create new knowledge.

Re: Forays into the depts of the information super highway!!!

Post by EricCosta » Wed Oct 19, 2022 3:46 pm

Excerpt from WSJ, Why Really Smart Executives Do Really Stupid Things by Rosabeth Moss Kanter

Here are a few tendencies that, when left unchecked, might help explain why so many top executives make surprising stumbles.

Feeling insulated

It’s amazing how easy it is for top executives to feel they have a cloak of invisibility, even if they operate in the public eye. They have backdoors into the ballroom for the convention. Chauffeured cars to whisk them away from crowds and lines. Private showers near their offices. A small number of close personal aides who keep doors closed and clean up messes. Because of this insulation, some top executives who should know better may falsely believe they can separate their personal lives and conduct from their official role. To them, even email seems private, so they send line-crossing messages impulsively.

Feeling entitled

Self-confidence can veer into arrogance if an executive isn’t careful. Surrounded by flatterers exaggerating the brilliance of their words, top officials can start feeling superior to the mere mortals below. They have incentives or punishments to dangle that can inspire fear and keep people in line. So in addition to feeling invincible, these leaders can start to feel indispensable. They begin to think that they are the company, essential to its success. Therefore, they feel justified in seizing what they want for themselves, believing they are entitled to indulge.

Buying their own hype

Those at the top of organizations learn to tell a good story. Exuding optimism and putting a positive spin on events attracts investors/voters/talent. Some executives, however, start believing their own hype about how the only important thing is the quarterly earnings report or the next big donation. As for a bit of misconduct, they tell themselves they can compensate for it with good performance, or end it before anyone notices. The problem is, the impulse remains. They seek the same burst of gratification again. And once they relax self-control, it’s easier to do it the next time.

Failing to admit mistakes

It can be hard for some people at the top to say, “I was wrong,” which is why misconduct often continues and requires covering up. Sometimes executives don’t want to admit flaws even to themselves, fearing it could lead to second-guessing of other decisions. They might know they are breaking a rule but delude themselves into thinking that the rule doesn’t apply exactly to their situation. They tell themselves it’s consensual. It’s just harmless banter. It will be over soon. Whatever the excuse, they cling to it to avoid having to express self-doubt.

Underestimating opponents

When questionable behavior comes to light—even if the problem is a misunderstanding, or ethically fuzzy, like words being taken out of context—what happens next depends on internal political dynamics, and who is on the CEO’s side. Executives, however, sometimes fail to realize the implications when not everyone is pulling for them, and they let down their guard. But colleagues can be envious. They wonder and whisper and are ready to pounce at the mere hint of a slip. And depending on whether they have created a positive, supportive culture for everyone, CEOs can find that flatterers quickly turn into gossips and whistleblowers, eager to push them out.

Re: Forays into the depts of the information super highway!!!

Post by EricCosta » Sun Oct 23, 2022 1:12 pm

Excerpt from The New Yorker, A Celebrity Philosopher Explains the Populist Insurgency

In Germany, where academic philosophers still equate dryness with seriousness, Sloterdijk has a near-monopoly on irreverence. This is an important element of his wide appeal, as is his eagerness to offer an opinion on absolutely anything—from psychoanalysis to finance, Islam to Soviet modernism, the ozone layer to Neanderthal sexuality. An essay on anger can suddenly plunge into a history of smiling; a meditation on America may veer into a history of frivolity. His magnum opus, the “Spheres” trilogy, nearly three thousand pages long, includes a rhapsodic excursus on rituals of human-placenta disposal. He is almost farcically productive. As his editor told me, “The problem with Sloterdijk is that you are always eight thousand pages behind.”

This profligacy makes Sloterdijk hard to pin down. He is known not for a single grand thesis but for a shrapnel-burst of impressionistic coinages—“anthropotechnics,” “negative gynecology,” “co-immunism”—that occasionally suggest the lurking presence of some larger system. Yet his prominence as a public intellectual comes from a career-long rebellion against the pieties of liberal democracy, which, now that liberal democracy is in crisis worldwide, seems prophetic. A signature theme of his work is the persistence of ancient urges in supposedly advanced societies. In 2006, he published a book arguing that the contemporary revolt against globalization can be seen as a misguided expression of “noble” sentiments, which, rather than being curbed, should be redirected in ways that left-liberals cannot imagine. He has described the Presidential race between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump as a choice “between two helplessly gesticulating models of normality, one of which appeared to be delegitimatized, the other unproven,” and is unsurprised that so many people preferred the latter. Few philosophers are as fixated on the current moment or as gleefully ready to explain it.

Re: Forays into the depts of the information super highway!!!

Post by EricCosta » Sun Oct 23, 2022 1:15 pm

Excerpt from Wikipedia page on Sociotechnology

Robots replacing people:

Further information: Technological unemployment and Social robot

Furbie and Tamagotchi are electronic toys made for children that make noises and demand for care. These toys caused children to form a companionship with robots instead of human beings. Paro is a robotic baby seal that was created in Japan to perform therapeutic functions. Paro had positive psychological results for those in nursing homes. A woman constantly argued with her son and turned to the Paro for comfort and confided in the Paro instead of fixing things with her son. Society has turned to demanding more intimacy from sociable robots then from each other. People that use the robots for comfort feel like they are being comforted by someone even though they are actually alone. These robotic characters cause people to have a relationship with technology while avoiding the trouble of human interaction.

Re: Forays into the depts of the information super highway!!!

Post by EricCosta » Sun Oct 23, 2022 2:37 pm

Excerpt from the University of London

The expression 'linguistic turn' can be seen as a shorthand for the impact of the focus on the relationship between philosophy and language, which began to be significant in the early 20th century. This has challenged the traditional tenets of historical objectivity, which assume that there is a real past which can be described (to the extent to which sources are available) as it actually happened. Instead, proponents of the linguistic turn argue that the past does not exist outside our textual representations of it, and that these representations cannot be separated from the ideological baggage that historians bring to them. British historians have been reluctant to allow these ideas influence over their actual practice, and the issues (connected with developments in cultural and gender history particularly) remain contentious.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/21/2022 23:22:42
Subject: reflective practitioner
------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Reflective practitioner

Hi Everyone,

How are you?

REFLECTION can be understood as: ‘An important human activity in which people recapture their experience, think about it, mull it over and evaluate it.. 

We act, see what happens and try to learn.

When circumstances and conditions change, we have to think more deeply about various matters; from the meaning of life to what is worth doing and how you can deal with people in your surroundings.

Reflective Practice (please google Donald Schön, The Reflective Practitioner) is often described in terms of reflection-in-action (thinking what one is doing while one is doing it — thinking on one’s feet) and reflection-on-action (after the experience one analyses one’s reaction to the situation and explores the reasons around, and the consequences of, one’s actions). You see both Charlie Price and Lola do it in Kinky Boots, and you saw Sandy and HIromitsu do it in Japanese Story. None of them would have survived, had it not been for their reflective practices. It is leadership that is visible and transparent. It is being unafraid of sharing one’s thoughts.

You are following a reflective practice in your fishbowls. Please see Bryan Ellis’ posting below.

REFLEXIVITY is defined as “the ambition to carefully and systematically take a critical view of one’s own assumptions, ideas and favored vocabulary and to consider if alternative ones make sense.” To understand this statement, we will be watching the films, Moonrise Kingdom, Outsourced and Iron & Silk.

Through these three films, we will be looking at American culture, Indian culture, and Chinese culture, respectively. 

What is culture, and what are we looking for? 

We are framing our ‘looking’ by using the term Cultural Democracy. Cultural Democracy is a term used in The 2020 Rome Charter. 

Please google The 2020 Rome Charter and study what the charter is saying by picking sentences that resonate with you. The term “city” in the Charter may be taken as a surrogate for Providence, for RI, for the fishbowl, college and university. 

We are taking a “cultural turn” (please google) in the fishbowl. 

Sanjiv

MULL, CULTURE, ASSUMPTION, ALTERNATIVE, FRAME, LOOK

From the fishbowl…

bryanellis

Posts: 50

Joined: Wed Sep 07, 2022 5:10 pm

Re: Deconstructing sentences and doing felt-experiences.

Post by bryanellis » Mon Oct 17, 2022 10:59 am

"The fishbowl (that is our postings) as an approach to understanding social reality and culture, and as an approach to change, belongs to the social-constructionist school of thought"

After googling social construction of reality, a definition I found was society is created by human interaction which the authors called a habit. Then a little later I found the interaction between humans is found no where else in the world.

So by habit and definition, each human makes an impact on reality everyday just by practicing a culture. The individual experience fosters a separate world view constantly whether they know it or not. That is valuable to the others in the area, because now their values and reality transform from social reactions and symbolic interaction. This rapid development can not be found anywhere else in nature. An experience I wish I could witness is living within a school of fish. Our fishbowl is niche and human, their fishbowl is an ocean but from what we understand about schools of fish there is no mental metamorphosis. No symbolic interaction or knowledge working would leave you as a shell of a being. What if one of the million fish wondered from the school. It would surely be killed, almost instantly. But how valuable would that spark of subjectivity be for their evolution. No longer is it a school of fish, it's a culture (or nation) of fish.

Re: Deconstructing sentences and doing felt-experiences.

Post by bryanellis » Mon Oct 17, 2022 8:29 pm

in the letter Faith made a dichotomy with teamwork/grade.

Grades cause unnecessary stress more often than not and sometimes the grades suffer for uncontrollable reasons like the team not work together or putting in the reciprocal effort. She was able to rally a team to do the assignment, get the grade and move onto the next task. It is an interesting dichotomy though because you can't often put a numerical value on teamwork, it must be witnessed or experienced. I use NBA teams as an example, the preseason pick to win a championship is almost never correct mainly because a different team shows up and proves why they have what it takes.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/14/2022 18:43:56
Subject: performance and event
------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Performance and Event

Hi Everyone,

How are you?

Please see Chase LaMountain’s postings below as an example of what each of us is doing. 

We are involved in various ways with language learning and teaching and, we have increasingly come to see the learner’s problem as learning how to participate in and sustain joint performances, in spite of differences in competence.

How do we participate in and sustain joint performances among ourselves in a fishbowl?

What do we mean by differences in competence?

Every individual posting in the fishbowl, like Chase LaMountain below, is a performance.

And, every performance is an event.

Events for Deleuze (please google) are part of the process of ‘becoming’ and ‘differentiation’ – while they are connected, the events do not comprise a unity because each instance is marked with differentiation. In other words, Deleuzian events are rhizomatic and part of an ever-changing, ongoing process.

The sequences of postings below establishes that we are collaborating in a pattern of more or less alternating, non-overlapping vocalization, together producing a brief joint performance similar to conversation. This is “Two-Fold Thought” (please google Deleuze and Guattari) and our individual postings reveal “intersections” of different sensibilities and modes of knowing.

Sanjiv

JOINT, PERFORMANCE, EVENT, BECOMING, DIFFERENTIATION, RHIZOME, VOCALIZATION, INTERSECTION, MODE, KNOWING, SENSIBILITY

From the fishbowl…

Chase LaMountain

Posts: 28

Joined: Wed Sep 07, 2022 1:09 pm

Re: vocabulary and google searches/felt experiences

post by Chase LaMountain » Thu Oct 13, 2022 2:51 pm

10/10 post

exercise: watching Kinky Boots

The knowing of research methods: symbolic interactionism and social constructivism. Please google.

symbolic interactionism: A perspective on the world where symbols are recognized across the world and within society and people’s views are created and transferred, using language, to discuss things related to those symbols.

social constructivism: Social constructivism revolves around the idea that social groups create meaning for specific cultural artifacts and knowledge is shared through these artifacts through various ways.

Experimentation: carrying out a scientific procedure in order to understand a problem or idea

Improvisation: carrying out an actin with preparing for it beforehand

Self-discovery: gaining knowledge of one’s own self

Imagination: the ability to create and ideas and thoughts of thing that are present externally

Relaxation: fulfilling the potential of one’s self

Attention: notice or observation of something significant

Communication: written or verbal transmission of information

Emotion: feelings that occur instinctively within a circumstance due to one’s personality and mood

Memory: the faculty by which the mind is able to retain information

Felt experience: In the movie, Charlie does not expect to take up his father’s business so abruptly and is unsure how to handle this situation as a result. Similar to the movie, we in the fishbowl sometimes unexpectedly come across new and unique perspectives from others in the fishbowl. However, like Charlie who is able to keep the business running despite lack of experience, we too can learn and better ourselves through analyzing others’ points of view and putting ourselves in others' shoes.

Re: vocabulary and google searches/felt experiences

post by Chase LaMountain » Thu Oct 13, 2022 2:53 pm

10/11 post

doing the Kinky Boots exercise

You are watching Kinky Boots and constructing meaning for yourself by ‘active listening’ (please google).

Active listening is more than understanding the words of someone else. It is about mutually understanding the speaker through visual and auditory cues. It is also about the subsequent follow up feedback that is spoken after digesting what the speaker has said to you.

There are five key techniques to develop your ‘active listening’ skills when watching Kinky Boots.

Charlie Price used these techniques in Kinky Boots and turned his business around.

He took a shoe factory from fordism, to post-fordism, to understanding his business in a ‘networked society.’ (Please google).

A networked society is a modern term to describe society and how communication technologies and other technologies have allowed for a more integrated and connected society between people. Further, these technologies are also capable of altering society for the better to develop and improve businesses and individuals alike.

Watch: to stare at or observe attentively over a certain period of time

Context: the conditions surrounding an event or idea that allow it to be understood better

Listen: to concentrate on a sound

Active: be ready to engage or be currently engaged in a physical activity

Expectation: as assumption that an event will unfold in the future

Judgment: the shrewdness to come to sensible conclusions

Speak: utter or declare something in order to convey information

Re: vocabulary and google searches/felt experiences

post by Chase LaMountain » Thu Oct 13, 2022 2:53 pm

10/12 post

five attributes of Active Listening

Attribute: to accredit the cause of something or the characteristics of something

Trait: distinguishing characteristic of a person

1.Pay attention.

2.Show that you're listening.

3.Provide feedback.

4.Defer judgment.

5.Respond appropriately.

Felt experience: Like the five above ways in which Charlie behaved to turn his business around, we can also apply to the fishbowl. In order to have effective communication, we need to pay attention to others in the fishbowl. To show that we are being attentive, we should reflect on their posts and subsequently provide thoughtful feedback towards what they are discussing. That way, we are mutually sharing this process of learning through new experiences by having thought-provoking discussions.

Re: vocabulary and google searches/felt experiences

post by Chase LaMountain » Thu Oct 13, 2022 2:53 pm

10/13 post

taking stock

Translation: transferring words from one language into another

Frame: a rigid mount that surrounds something

Shift: to transport an object or to change the direction or position of something

Habit: a routine that is particularly hard to stop

Style: a technique or method of doing or completing something

Distinctive: distinguishing one person or thing from another

Emerge: to physically make an appearance or become noticeable

Pattern: a repeated design or behavior

Recurrence: occurring more than once

Analogy: something that is able to be compared to something else normally for explanation purposes

Matrix: a surrounding environment that is conducive to development

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/13/2022 14:08:29
Subject: taking stock
------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Taking stock

Hi Everyone,

How are you?

Taking stock of where we’re at. I will talk process and practice and both are familiar to you, either in your role as a Knowledge-worker or as a Voyeur.

1. You have a handle (metaphor) on the ‘process of translation.’ It is the effort to frame the same message (sentence structure) in different ways, even as new meanings are created by a shift in context (subjects in letters), in the fishbowl

2. The lesson of whatever I have learned over time in the fishbowl is that looking carefully at anything informs looking at everything. Our task is to learn again to see things whole by respecting and treasuring their “minute particulars.” Most of your postings bear testimony to this. You are priceless!

3. As distinctive as your style in clothes, your habits of thought are gradually emerging and made visible as a pattern and recurrence in different contexts.

4. Analogies and metaphors are never perfect, so they can lead to misunderstandings, yet they are often surprising, opening doors of understanding from one realm of experience to another. Your felt-experiences are its manifestation.

5. We create each other, bring each other into being by being part of the matrix in which the other exists.

You are exploring the ‘nature of attention’ that makes such relationships possible. I think that the best hope for our species lies in learning new ‘patterns of attention’ to each other and to the biosphere, patterns that grow of curiosity and respect and allow for wonder and learning. It seems to me that in trying to develop an understanding of matters of this sort, one has to move back and forth between very abstract (your sentence structures) and very specific levels of focus (your felt-experiences), and indeed between types of discourse varying from poetry to formal analysis.

Please see Cameron Masiello’s reflection below.

Sanjiv

TRANSLATION, FRAME, SHIFT, HABIT, STYLE, DISTINCTIVE, EMERGE, PATTERN, RECURRENCE, ANALOGY, MATRIX, 

From the fishbowl…

CameronMasiello

Posts: 65

Joined: Wed Sep 07, 2022 4:05 pm

Cameron Masiello: Deconstructing Sentence Structures and Felt Experiences

post by CameronMasiello » Wed Oct 12, 2022 12:55 pm

Selected Sentence: By sharing your knowing, you are creating history as possibility.”

Sharing- use jointly with another

Knowing- showing or suggesting that one has knowledge or awareness

Creating- bring into existence

Possibility- a thing that may happen or be the case

This sentence stood out to me because by participating and sharing your knowledge and beliefs, you may impact someone else's life. By sharing what you know, you may educate and inform someone else that may have never thought of that perspective. The sharing of knowledge allows you to express your thoughts on a topic and hear other people's perspectives that you can learn from.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/12/2022 13:48:35
Subject: five attributes of Active Listening
------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Five attributes of Active Listening

Hi Everyone,

How are you? From 1 pm to 3 pm, I will be in my office room 314 Ballantine. I will not be in Morrill Hall, so please come to my office in Ballantine. Those who have questions, doubts and fears, this is the time. Don’t hesitate. The same applies to the 3pm and 5pm class. Please come with a Show and Tell in class, so I can help.

Please treat class time as office hours, so you can speak with me privately, if you wish.

We are not following a lecture format, but exchanging words in a fishbowl. Our attendance, contribution, engagement, watching, listening, reflecting, learning, imagining and absorbing are all being done in the fishbowl.

Please see the postings below by Jack Puccetti and Alexis Hogan as examples of the five attributes of Active Listening. These are the same traits that Charlie Price displayed and turned his factory around in Kinky Boots. Please make a note of it.

1.Pay attention.

2.Show that you're listening.

3.Provide feedback.

4.Defer judgment.

5.Respond appropriately.

Sanjiv

ATTRIBUTE, TRAIT

From the fishbowl…

jackpuccetti

Posts: 84

Joined: Mon Sep 05, 2022 1:14 pm

Exercise: Watching Kinky Boots

Post by jackpuccetti » Tue Oct 11, 2022 10:45 am

"Pull out the words spoken within a context; one shot or framework at a time."

Pull - exert force on (someone or something) so as to cause movement toward oneself.

spoken - speaking in a specified way.

context - the circumstances that form the setting for an event, statement, or idea, and in terms of which it can be fully understood and assessed.

framework - an essential supporting structure of a building, vehicle, or object.

time - the indefinite continued progress of existence and events in the past, present, and future regarded as a whole.

Further Deconstruction -

Slowing down a way of thinking will allow the reader to conceptualize each word with in itself. Breaking down the movie frame by frame, word by word, and symbol by symbol, more will be understood and digested. Behind each notion, action, and thought spoken there is a deeper meaning. Whether intentional or not, there is intention behind it. Tone, pauses, and so much more can change the way something said or done will be deciphered. It is important in these instances to take ones time when comprehending each moment in time. The quote stated above is advice for life. Slow down, understand, and breakdown the meaning.

Re: Deconstructing Sentences and Felt Experiences

post by jackpuccetti » Wed Oct 12, 2022 9:12 am

"We’re learning to share our processes with each other, without expectation nor judgment."

learning - the acquisition of knowledge or skills through experience, study, or by being taught.

share - a part or portion of a larger amount which is divided among a number of people, or to which a number of people contribute.

processes - a series of actions or steps taken in order to achieve a particular end.

other - denoting a person or thing that is different or distinct from one already mentioned or known about.

expectation - a strong belief that something will happen or be the case in the future.

judgement - the ability to make considered decisions or come to sensible conclusions.

Further Deconstruction -

Through the fishbowl participants are actively share and absorbing. The continuous and self-sufficient cycle produces a positive environment that supports creativity, expression, and knowledge. With the current grading structure, students are given the option to participate. This enables writers to add as much or as little as they want. The relaxation of expectations discards unnecessary stress. Students take in what their peers create and accept the writings in ways they can within themselves. A different appreciation for each word, sentence, and post nullifies the expectations of a rigid world.

alexishogan

Posts: 104

Joined: Wed Sep 07, 2022 12:13 pm

Re: Google Searches - Alexis Hogan - symbolic interactionism and social constructivism

post by alexishogan » Tue Oct 11, 2022 6:31 pm

Symbolic interactionism and social constructivism are two theoretical perspectives that can be used to explain how people interact with each other and how they understand the world around them. Both perspectives emphasize the role of symbols and meanings in social interaction, but they differ in their emphasis on individual agency and the role of social structures.

Symbolic interactionism is a micro-level perspective that focuses on the way that individuals interact with each other and how they create meaning in their everyday lives. This perspective emphasizes the role of symbols and language in social interaction, and it argues that people use symbols to create meaning in their lives. Symbolic interactionism also emphasizes the role of social interaction in the construction of reality. This means that people interact with each other to create an understanding of the world around them.

Social constructivism is a macro-level perspective that focuses on the way that social structures shape the way that people interact with each other. This perspective emphasizes the role of social institutions in the construction of reality. Social constructivism argues that people interact with each other within the context of larger social structures and that these structures shape the way that people understand the world around them.

Re: Google Searches - Alexis Hogan - active listening

post by alexishogan » Tue Oct 11, 2022 6:35 pm

Active listening is a communication technique that is used to encourage understanding and collaboration. It is a way of listening and responding to another person that is designed to promote communication and understanding.

The key elements of active listening are paying attention, paraphrasing, and asking questions. When you are actively listening, you are not only hearing what the other person is saying, but you are also trying to understand the message they are trying to communicate. You can show that you are actively listening by making eye contact, nodding your head, and giving verbal and nonverbal cues that indicate that you are paying attention.

Active listening is a skill that can be learned and developed with practice. It is an important communication tool that can be used in a variety of settings, such as in the workplace, in personal relationships, and in customer service.

Re: Google Searches - Alexis Hogan - networked society

post by alexishogan » Tue Oct 11, 2022 6:38 pm

A networked society is a society in which social relationships are based on networks of communication and exchange. The networked society is a global phenomenon, and it is characterized by a number of features, including the following:

-The rise of the networked individual: In the networked society, the individual is the center of the social universe. The individual is connected to a vast network of other individuals, and he or she has the ability to communicate and exchange information with anyone in the world.

-The rise of the networked organization: In the networked society, organizations are no longer hierarchical and centralized. They are decentralized and networked.

-The rise of the networked economy: In the networked society, the economy is global and interconnected.

-The rise of the networked culture: In the networked society, culture is created and shared by individuals in a networked environment.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/11/2022 22:07:45
Subject: doing the Kinky Boots exercise
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you?

Doing the Kinky Boots exercise, there is no limit as to how many words and sentences to reflect upon, but it is good to do enough to develop certain techniques.

We’re learning to share our processes with each other, without expectation nor judjement. We’re looking at each other, comparing and contrasting, picking and choosing. And then, we’re learning to share our writing, only to find it is an act of courage. It always has been that way.

You are watching Kinky Boots and constructing meaning for yourself by ‘active listening’ (please google). 

You are listening to the words spoken in the film, and watching the context in which they are spoken. 

After that, you are deconstructing the words you’ve selected and, by looking at the words as symbols and metaphors, you are evoking felt-experiences and sharing them.

Why are we doing this?

There are five key techniques to develop your ‘active listening’ skills when watching Kinky Boots. 

Charlie Price used these techniques in Kinky Boots and turned his business around.

He took a shoe factory from fordism, to post-fordism, to understanding his business in a ‘networked society.’ (Please google).

He nailed it!

It’s a true story and the film was shot in the original factory.

Please watch Charlie Price in Kinky Boots as he utilizes the following “5 Active Listening skills”:

1.Pay attention.

2.Show that you're listening.

3.Provide feedback.

4.Defer judgment.

5.Respond appropriately.

Please have a working definition of ’symbolic interaction’ and ‘social construction’ before watching Kinky Boots.

Sanjiv

WATCH, CONTEXT, LISTEN, ACTIVE, EXPECTATION, JUDGEMENT, SPEAK

From the fishbowl…

anthonykozaritz

Posts: 67

Joined: Tue Sep 06, 2022 11:40 am

Re: Google Searches

post by anthonykozaritz » Mon Oct 10, 2022 9:04 pm

Symbolic Interactionism- The view of social behavior that emphasizes linguistic or gestural communication and its subjective understanding, especially the role of language in the formation of the child as a social being. For example, the word 'dog' is just a series of letters. Through your interactions with the letters dog you see this as a furry, four-legged canine. Through text, we are able to make an image in our heads that relate to the text. In the fishbowl, this is important as we can take the text from other students and picture it in a way that makes sense to us.

Social Constructivism- This is a sociological theory of knowledge according to which human development is socially situated and knowledge is constructed through interaction with others. Like social constructionism, social constructivism states that people work together to construct artifacts. Social constructivist approaches should require the students to collaborate and critically analyze the issue at hand. Some examples of collaborative learning activities are group problem-solving, group inquiry, simulations, and debates. We are working in a group in the fishbowl to learn from each other's text.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/10/2022 23:53:09
Subject: exercise: watching Kinky Boots
------------------------------------------------------------
Re: Exercise: Watching Kinky Boots

Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well.

The exercise of watching the film (Kinky Boots) in a deconstructive way is important for the following reasons:

1. The knowing of research methods: symbolic interactionism and social constructivism. Please google.

2. You’re practicing the skill of focusing on a selected word and then doing an interpretation via a felt-experience (memory).

3. You are looking at words as images: symbols, metaphors, phenomena.

4. The film is to be viewed as a series of “shots”: A movement of shots (frameworks) consisting of images and words spoken within each shot.

Pull out the words spoken within a context; one shot or framework at a time.

From your selected sentence, take a word further by describing it as a symbol/metaphor/word-image and the feelings it evokes in you.

Watch the facial expressions of the actor to embellish your information.

The expression of the face conveys emotional information and, the words spoken convey symbols and metaphors.

“We’re hitting the nail on the head, Lola promised.”

In a focused, intense atmosphere like the fishbowl, your postings emphasize experimentation, improvisation, and self-discovery. 

The elements of such a system in its germinal form are: relaxation, concentration of attention, imagination, communication, and emotion memory.

Kinky Boots is a real-live example showing the concepts of fordism, post-fordism, flexible accumulation, and production of subjectivities. The film shows how having become a networked society, the nature of business has changed.

Sanjiv

EXPERIMENTATION, IMPROVISATION, SELF-DISCOVERY, IMAGINATION, RELAXATION, ATTENTION, COMMUNICATION, EMOTION, MEMORY

Kinky Boots

https://drive.google.com/file/d/12h4f1ET-djdMRthz3Trgz0NM4qWKyy5m/view?usp=sharing

Sanjiv

From the fishbowl…

harryrunci

Posts: 66

Joined: Mon Sep 05, 2022 10:40 am

Re: Immersed in text to wield power

Post by harryrunci » Sat Oct 01, 2022 6:05 pm

Selected sentence: "Indeed, being close to text is the way to find cohesion and purpose."

Text: written or printed words, typically forming a connected piece of work, a piece of written or printed material regarded as conveying the authentic or primary form of a particular work

Cohesion: the action or fact of forming a united whole

Purpose: the reason for which something is done or created or for which something exists

Being close to text means not just reading it, but examining it and thinking about it more deeply. This is our goal in the fishbowl. We must get close to the text and extract from it what we can. There are no right or wrong answers, but there is lots of room for interpretation and meaning, which we create. Reading is a positive habit because it can help us acquire knowledge, and also find purpose. Reading and getting close to text is a form of mindfulness that we can practice. It helps us center ourself and focus.

Re: Process is the product

Post by harryrunci » Sat Oct 01, 2022 6:21 pm

Selected sentence: ‘the process is the product.’

Process: a series of actions or steps taken in order to achieve a particular end

Product: a thing or person that is the result of an action or process

If you constantly live your life getting caught up in achieving objectives, you will miss out on enjoying the process along the way. There is nothing wrong with setting goals for yourself but often times we get sucked into these goals and overlook what we do to get there. If your goal is to earn x amount of dollars from your work, how will you get there. What steps will you take in personal development to achieve this end result? If your sole focus in life is to earn a certain amount of money and you aren't able to do so, then what happens? This is an oversimplified example, but still it emphasizes why the process in achieving our goals is sometimes as important, if not more important, than the end product itself.

Re: Juxtaposition

Post by harryrunci » Sat Oct 01, 2022 10:18 pm

"Please note that your fishbowl entries mark the beginnings of new lines of inquiry."

Lines of inquiry: A line of inquiry is a set of questions that you are trying to answer through reading and research.

Each time we post in the fishbowl, we are trying to make sense of text. We deconstruct a sentence, its words, and its symbols, to try and assemble a greater meaning. We piece these fragments together to better understand the letters. For these reasons, each entry in the fishbowl is like a "new line of inquiry" as we try to answer new questions and continue to decipher and create meaning from text.

Re: Production of subjectivity

post by harryrunci » Mon Oct 10, 2022 7:30 pm

"To begin with, it is easy to grasp the meaning of ‘flexible accumulation’ (Post-Fordism) but, what exactly do we mean by the “production of subjectivity” and why is it important?

The fishbowl has allowed to us to adapt new viewpoints for our learning processes. We have accumulated knowledge not just of definitions, but also of famous theorists and their ways of thinking. This allows us to produce our own subjectivity in the fishbowl, which is unique for each one of us.

From David Harvey, The Condition of Post Modernity, on flexible accumulation...

"flexibility with respect to labour processes, labour markets, products, and patterns of consumption. It is characterized by the emergence of entirely new sectors of production, new ways of providing financial services, new markets, and, above all, greatly intensified rates of commercial, technological, and organizational innovation.

From Jason Read, The Production of Subjectivity: From Transindividuality to the Commons, on the production of subjectivity...

"means that first the subject, the individual, must be seen as produced, as an effect, thus the individual cannot be privileged as a given, as the irreducible basis of ontology, epistemology, and politics.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/9/2022 13:32:42
Subject: production of subjectivity
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you?

So far, we have understood and experienced the notions of flexible accumulation and production of subjectivities, and several other concepts in the fishbowl. 

“But what have they to do with making money, she demanded to know.”

 

How do we operationalize our experience of the fishbowl? 

What is the take-away thus far, from the point of doing a business?

To begin with, it is easy to grasp the meaning of ‘flexible accumulation’ (Post-Fordism) but, what exactly do we mean by the “production of subjectivity” and why is it important? 

It is important to address this question, particularly in business.

In the fishbowl, you can identify the following separate elements. These elements (words) constitute the process that produces subjectivity. It takes focus in the doing and, Time flies at the speed of light.

Observation and interpretation, 

Concept and felt-experience

Form and content

Dichotomy and structure

Universal and particular

General and specific

Theory and practice

Process and product (outcome)

Take and make

Sort and sift

Select and create

Text and image

Mind and body

Concrete and abstract

Material and immaterial

Objective and subjective

In sharing our thoughts (Irigaray), we thereby created a bubble (Sloterdijk). 

Ours is a Virtual and Visual space that is of value to us.

It is our subjective process that produces outcomes of value, you’ll surely agree. Please see Estela Catalan's reflection below.

Sanjiv

SEPARATE, ELEMENT, CONSTITUTE, PROCESS, VALUE

From the fishbowl…

EstelaCatalan

Posts: 60

Joined: Wed Sep 07, 2022 7:12 pm

Taking creative action to produce subjectivities

Post by EstelaCatalan » Sat Oct 08, 2022 1:02 pm

Making dichotomies and structures is taking creative action. 

Make: form (something) by putting parts together or combining substances; construct; create.

Dichotomies: a division or contrast between two things that are or are represented as being opposed or entirely different.

Structures: a complex construction or entity.

Take: lay hold of (something) with one's hands; reach for and hold.

Creative: relating to or involving the imagination or original ideas, especially in the production of an artistic work.

Action: the fact or process of doing something, typically to achieve an aim.

All content created within the Fishbowl platform requires a certain degree of creative action. Since the beginning of the semester, a lot of freedom was given to us. As there isn't a single right answer or path, the grading fear was rapidly taken out of the game. This allows us to find ease with words and ourselves as we share our thoughts and felt experiences with others. When deconstructing sentences, there is also a lot of room to experiment with contrast ideas and get creative with our thinking process.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/8/2022 0:54:25
Subject: flexible accumulation and generating subjectivities
------------------------------------------------------------
RE: Flexible Accumulation and Generating Subjectivities

Hi Everyone,

How are you?

We are presently looking at 2 notions: flexible accumulation and generating subjectivities.

We are doing this by posting vocabulary and google searches in the fishbowl.

Along with our observations (i.e., vocabulary and google searches) regarding these two concepts, we are evoking felt-experiences (our interpretations) as well.

Flexible accumulation is a characteristic of post-Fordism.

Generating Subjectivities: is a characteristic of “immaterial labor.” ‘New communications technologies increasingly require subjectivities that are rich in knowledge.’ 

In the fishbowl, you are sharing your learning experience when accumulating knowledge. 

Whenever we share our process, the possibility of flexible accumulation of knowledge and generating subjectivities becomes manifold.

In the fishbowl, by sharing your knowing, you are “creating history as possibility.” (Paulo Freire) Please google.

Whenever you post, you are ‘looking at yourself looking at yourself.’ Please see the image below. It is how we create meaning. In the fishbowl, you are doing this activity of ‘looking at yourself looking at yourself’, one word at a time. And, it is helpful to see what others are ‘looking’ at and, for them to be looking at you.

In this way, we have developed a ‘virtual reality’ (please google) and a ‘visual culture’ (please google) among ourselves. I congratulate you for doing so. You have created a space where we develop thoughts, images, expressions and points-of-view. In other words, our stories. 

Virtual reality (VR), is ‘the use of computer modeling and simulation that enables a person to interact with an artificial three-dimensional (3-D) visual or other sensory environment,’ like the fishbowl..

Visual culture is a term that refers to ‘the tangible, or visible, expressions by a people, a state or a civilization, and collectively describes the characteristics of that body as a whole.’

I selected Harry Runci’s reflections below to bear in mind the background and context of this letter. Another example of flexible accumulation of knowledge. 

Sanjiv

ACCUMULATION, FLEXIBLE, OBSERVE, NOTION, INTERPRET, EVOKE, MANIFOLD, HISTORY, POSSIBILITY

From the fishbowl…

harryrunci

Posts: 63

Joined: Mon Sep 05, 2022 10:40 am

Re: Taking and Making Notes (Google Searches)

Post by harryrunci » Tue Sep 27, 2022 10:40 pm

Knowledge workers:

(from Wiki): "knowledge workers are workers whose main capital is knowledge"

(from corporate finance institute): "Knowledge workers are said to think for a living, unlike manual laborers who are paid for performing physical tasks... Knowledge workers receive high salaries that reflect the complex nature of their work and their relative independence in relation to the work process"

Most of us are going to college because we want to be knowledge workers. We are paying (tuition) in exchange for the opportunity to learn - for most of us - about the field of business. Other people go to school to become "knowledge workers" in the fields of medicine, pharmacology, history, engineering, or science. While we sometimes learn hard skills, like, how to use Microsoft Excel, we are also paying to learn soft skills like problem solving, collaboration, and leadership. If we opted not to go to college, we could have tried to get jobs in manual labor. However, we chose to go to college and accumulate knowledge in hopes of earning a higher salary which returns our investment we make by paying college tuition. College tuition, however, is not the only path to becoming a knowledge worker. There is no one path that is right for everyone. Some entrepreneurs become knowledge workers by bootstrapping without finishing or ever starting college. Look at the recent example of Dylan Field, CEO and co-founder of software company "Figma." Field dropped out of Brown University to pursue his entrepreneurial vision. He learned through his own personal experiences running a business, even though he didn't follow the typical model of a "knowledge worker." I would say it worked out for him though - his company sold to Adobe for $20 billion...

Knowledge economy (from corporate finance institute): "The knowledge economy is a system of consumption and production that is based on intellectual capital... The knowledge economy is focused on the essential importance of human capital in the 21st-century economy. The rapid expansion of knowledge and the increasing reliance on computerization, big data analytics, and automation are changing the economy of the developed world to one that is more dependent on intellectual capital and skills, and less dependent on the production process."

One interesting observation I would make in terms of the knowledge workers is that the COVID-19 pandemic probably decreased the demand for these knowledge/skilled workers, and increased the need for manual laborers. This probably marks a reversal of the trend prior to pandemic. Before the pandemic it seemed like the need for skilled workers was on the rise, but the pandemic created so many openings in lower-income/blue-collar jobs that required less knowledge capital.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/6/2022 13:05:38
Subject: the nature of work
------------------------------------------------------------
Re: the nature of work

Hi Everyone,

How are you? 

The nature of ‘work’ and the ‘labor’ that produces it has radically changed. You are experiencing it in the fishbowl. 

Understanding this change is crucial for doing business in present day society (Mgt 345) and culture (Mgt 448).

What is the labor that goes into your generating knowledge content?

The ‘knowledge creation’ process in the fishbowl that we are together generating has an “informational” and a “cultural” content.

You can see it as 'theory/experience.'

Please see Alexis Hogan’s knowledge creation below, in this light. It has both an informational and a cultural content.

Please google search the following terms: 

Keep it simple, as always. You are constructing a definition (by scrolling and pulling out a couple of sentences) plus a couple of characteristics.

It is important for you to understand these terms.

1. Fordism

2. Post-Fordism

3. Immaterial Labor (Maurizio Lazzarato)

Sanjiv

NATURE, WORK, LABOR, INFORMATION, CULTURE, CHANGE

From the fishbowl…

alexishogan

Posts: 79

Joined: Wed Sep 07, 2022 12:13 pm

Re: Google Searches - Alexis Hogan Immaterial Labor

post by alexishogan » Wed Oct 05, 2022 12:34 pm

In the most general sense, immaterial labor is any form of labor that does not produce a physical product. This includes service work, knowledge work, and emotional labor. It is often said that we live in an economy increasingly driven by immaterial labor, as the production of physical goods has become increasingly automated.

There are a few key characteristics of immaterial labor that distinguish it from other forms of labor. First, immaterial labor is often invisible or hidden. This is because it is often done in the background, or because it is not recognized as labor at all. For example, domestic work or care work is often not seen as labor, even though it is essential work that requires time, energy, and skill.

Second, immaterial labor is often unpaid or underpaid. This is because it is often seen as less valuable than other forms of labor, or because it is done by women, people of color, and other marginalized groups who are already paid less for their work. For example, women are often paid less than men for doing the same job, even though they may have the same qualifications.

Third, immaterial labor is often precariously employed. This means that it is often done on a part-time, temporary, or contract basis, without the benefits or protections of full-time employment. For example, many people who work in the gig economy are precariously employed, as they are often paid by the task and do not have access to benefits like health insurance or paid leave.

Fourth, immaterial labor is often invisible to those who benefit from it. This is because it is often done behind the scenes, or because the people who benefit from it do not see the labor that goes into it. For example, when you order a meal at a restaurant, you do not see the labor that goes into cooking and cleaning up afterward.

Finally, immaterial labor is often undervalued and underpaid. This is because it is often seen as less valuable than other forms of labor, or because the people who do it are not given the same recognition or compensation as those who do other forms of labor. For example, childcare workers are often paid very little, even though they provide an essential service.

In conclusion, immaterial labor is a form of labor that is often invisible, underpaid, and undervalued. It is essential to the functioning of our economy, but the people who do it are often not given the recognition or compensation they deserve.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/28/2022 13:47:34
Subject: immersed in text to wield power
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you doing? I hope you’re keeping well. Immersing oneself in text is a practice that has been followed for ages; it is useful during times of uncertainty and chaos. Indeed, being close to text is the way to find cohesion and purpose.

There’s not much to the process of being close to text, it is the practice of it that is difficult. I see this time and again in the fishbowl. I believe if every day you carve out 15 minutes, by the watch, and immerse yourself in text, your life becomes a smooth sail and things fall into place.

To be in the fishbowl, is to be a participant in a digital culture. A participant is active. Participation is a skill that is at the foundation of building social capital (your grade) online. Participation also signals others to pay attention to you and to share along with you.

Participation is power (Rheingold), and any of the more than three billion people who have internet accounts can learn to wield that power. We are participating by immersing ourselves in text in order to wield the power!

Thus far, we have been looking at How and Why be an active and informed participant in the fishbowl. 

Being an active participant sets us up for the next stage of digital interconnection, I.e, for the art of online collaboration. 

Please see Harry Runci’s posting below. 

Before we reach the next stage, you must have figured the process in the fishbowl by now, and the commitment you are willing to make.

Your grade (social capital) is determined by you in the social context of the fishbowl. I am only your friendly promoter and reporter.

Sanjiv

IMMERSE, UNCERTAINTY, CHAOS, COHESION, PURPOSE, INFORMED, PARTICIPANT, WIELD, POWER

From the fishbowl…

harryrunci

Posts: 46

Joined: Mon Sep 05, 2022 10:40 am

Re: Taking and Making Notes (Google Searches)

Post by harryrunci » Wed Sep 28, 2022 12:18 am

From rheingold.com on Net Smart: "Mindful use of digital media means thinking about what we are doing, cultivating an ongoing inner inquiry into how we want to spend our time. I outline five fundamental digital literacies, online skills that will help us do this: attention, participation, collaboration, critical consumption of information (or “crap detection”), and network smarts. I explain how attention works, and how we can use our attention to focus on the tiny relevant portion of the incoming tsunami of information. I describe the quality of participation that empowers the best of the bloggers, netizens, tweeters, and other online community participants; I examine how successful online collaborative enterprises contribute new knowledge to the world in new ways; and I present a lesson on networks and network building."

Net Smart seems like an insightful book that is extremely relevant to our times. The rapid and explosive growth of social media has created a bit of a free for all in online environments. This book gives some helpful reminders about how we can be mindful of our use of the internet and focus our attention utilizing it effectively.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/28/2022 13:29:25
Subject: available and accessible in digital space: no class today
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well.

I am cancelling class today, so that we can be outside in the sunshine with our laptops.

Available and accessible in digital space.

Please be aware that attendance is taken in the fishbowl. 

The assumption being that you are mentally focused and mindful when posting in the fishbowl.

The highest number of postings by an individual is currently in the 40s.

Social Meeting Assignment: Please post your assignment.

Several students have not met their group members because they are not responding.

If that is your situation, please email the group member, one last time, and copy me. 

One may be opting for a lower grade due to unavoidable circumstances, and therefore not responding.

After I hear from you, I will re-group you with others in the same situation, before the day is out. 

Experiencing the assignment is critical to understanding the process we are following in the course.

In the assignment, you are learning how to construct reality and connect across differences.

I will be on campus and in Ballantine. If you have a question, please email me first.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/27/2022 12:00:05
Subject: developing new thinking processes
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you?

When you start noticing the ‘attentional behaviors’ of others, you start noticing your own at the same time.

When you begin to think in new ways about how people deploy their attention, you start to look at the way your own thinking processes change over time.

You are knowledge workers (please google) in what is predominantly a knowledge economy (please google), and you are developing knowledge and a knowing.

Please se the Evan Sanford’s attentional practice below.

Sanjiv

NOTICE, NEW, WAY, DEPLOY, ATTENTION, KNOWLEDGE, KNOW, THINK, PROCESS 

From the fishbowl…

evansanford

Posts: 42

Joined: Thu Sep 08, 2022 8:33 pm

Deconstructing sentence structures

Post by evansanford » Wed Sep 21, 2022 9:26 pm

"To unearth, that is to dig deep is called self-reflexivity."

Unearth: discover (something hidden, lost, or kept secret) by investigation or searching.

Dig: push or poke something in or into.

Deep: very intense or extreme.

Self-reflexivity: a way for you to super power your reflective process, and deepen on your path of personal growth

I've done much research on self-reflexivity and what it truly means, and reading this quote really emphasizes the truth behind it. To really be able to grow and develop as a person, you have to look at yourself very deeply. You have to unearth things about yourself that you wouldn't have been able to notice before. As mentioned before this quote, something speaks to someone because of some experience in the past. Looking at past experiences and how you reacted, processed, and thought about that experience is just the beginning of digging deep and achieving self-reflexivity. When I see this quote, I think of many decisions made in my past, and why I made those decisions. It is not an easy task, but it is crucial to developing on my path of personal growth and being the best person I can be.

About symbols

Post by evansanford » Wed Sep 21, 2022 9:44 pm

"The role of the symbolic is, then, to bring together and to unify."

Role: the function assumed or part played by a person or thing in a particular situation.

Symbol: a thing that represents or stands for something else, especially a material object representing something abstract.

Together: a thing that represents or stands for something else, especially a material object representing something abstract.

Unify: make or become united, uniform, or whole.

This quote is something that strikes me as fascinating is the word symbolic, which is something that represents or stands for something else, especially a material object representing something abstract. However, in the case of this quote, the symbolic is made to bring together and unify. In this quote, the symbolic are the symbols. I find it interesting that the ideas of symbols are symbolic themselves, in which they represent togetherness and unity. They bring together different ideas and thoughts into one entity. It could be anything, it could stand for anything, however, the idea of symbols is symbolic for bringing ideas into one.

Social constructionism

Post by evansanford » Wed Sep 21, 2022 9:55 pm

"Differences among people are created through social processes."

Differences: a point or way in which people or things are not the same.

People: human beings in general or considered collectively.

Created: bring (something) into existence.

Social Processes: the pattern of growth and change in a society over the years.

The definition of social processes is what's key in this quote. Very often in society, and as explained in class today, people often look into what is similar between each other to create and build relationships. When in reality, it is the differences between people that should be celebrated. There are billions of different people in this world that make up society and what it is today. It is constantly growing and ever-changing with different people, customs, and traditions. And this change is good. In the social processes definition, it is important to note that it is the pattern of growth in society over the years. As society changes, differences among people are created and this is a byproduct of the growth of society. The differences between people are what makes society work, it is crucial to maintaining a healthy place to live and develop.

About dichotomies

Post by evansanford » Wed Sep 21, 2022 10:05 pm

"We are suggesting that words, images, and ideas are not neutral reflections of reality."

Words: a single distinct meaningful element of speech or writing, used with others (or sometimes alone) to form a sentence and typically shown with a space on either side when written or printed.

Images: a representation of the external form of a person or thing in art.

Ideas: a thought or suggestion as to a possible course of action.

Neutral: not helping or supporting either side in a conflict, disagreement, etc.; impartial.

Reflections: caused by that attitude or situation and therefore reveals something about it

Reality: the world or the state of things as they actually exist, as opposed to an idealistic or notional idea of them.

This quote is one that really intrigued me in this letter. Reality is not one that is objective. Everything is subjective, whether consciously or subconsciously. Words, images, and ideas, which were present in our social meeting, are co-produced by the people involved. They are not neutral, as the quote explains. "They are the means through which we make our reality." We are in control of what we make of our reality through words, images, and ideas. Our reality is not set in stone. Our free will is what creates what life truly is.

The game of the social meeting exercise

Post by evansanford » Wed Sep 21, 2022 10:13 pm

"Our focus throughout the semester, in the fishbowl, is on language as a means of revealing how we construct and make reality."

Language: the principal method of human communication, consisting of words used in a structured and conventional way and conveyed by speech, writing, or gesture

Reveal: make (previously unknown or secret information) known to others.

Construct: an idea or theory containing various conceptual elements, typically one considered to be subjective and not based on empirical evidence.

Make: cause (something) to exist or come about; bring about.

Reality: the world or the state of things as they exist, as opposed to an idealistic or notional idea of them.

This quote from the letter is one that rings true in everyday life as well as in Japanese Story. In the movie, Sandy and Hiromitsu had very different cultures that at first didn't mesh well with each other. They didn't get along and were never on the same page. This caused a lot of problems with each other. However, the power of language is something that helped save them. Them talking to one another allowed them to learn more about each other's culture, and how to adapt to each of them and communicate the most efficiently. It may have seemed at first that their reality was very bleak and dangerous. However, through the use of language, they constructed and made a new reality, where a strong and fruitful relationship was built. Although Hiromitsu did tragically die, he did construct a different reality than the one Sandy and himself had before.

Aesthetic response again

Post by evansanford » Wed Sep 21, 2022 10:20 pm

"He suggests that we might think of the literary work as having two poles: the 'artistic' pole is the text created by the author, and the 'aesthetic' pole refers to "'the realization accomplished by the reader.'"

Literary: concerning the writing, study, or content of literature, especially of the kind valued for quality of form.

Artistic: having or revealing natural creative skill.

Text: a book or other written or printed work, regarded in terms of its content rather than its physical form.

Aesthetic: concerned with beauty or the appreciation of beauty.

Realization: an act of becoming fully aware of something as a fact.

Accomplished: achieve or complete successfully.

This quote from Bryan's google search of Wolfgang Iser is similar to my research on him. When looking at literature, and any type of media in general, there are always two sides to it. What the author intends the reader to see, and what the reader actually realizes it. This is something that is very important to understand. One thing that makes this somewhat tricky is that everyone has their own biases, ideologies, and other thought processes that make that realization entirely different. It is something that many people look over in today's world, in which people are so quick to judge and criticize.

Completing the social meeting exercise

Post by evansanford » Fri Sep 23, 2022 12:29 pm

"Mindfulness is the basic human ability to be fully present"

Mindfulness- the quality or state of being conscious or aware of something.

Human- relating to or characteristic of people or human beings.

Ability- possession of the means or skill to do something.

Fully- completely or entirely; to the furthest extent.

Present- in a particular place.

Mindfulness is a very interesting topic and one that I think is somewhat close to self-reflexivity. You have to be mindful in order to be self-reflexive. I think mindfulness is a great skill to have in order to reach mental peace. In the letter, it was claimed that when you train your brain to be mindful, you're remodeling the physical structure of your brain. Practicing mindfulness is something I want to do more often. I want to be aware of what I am directly experiencing and my thoughts and emotions during that time. I think I will be more clear with myself and my thoughts when doing this.

Autonomy

Post by evansanford » Sun Sep 25, 2022 10:19 pm

"The fishbowl is an example of social reflexivity, structure, and agency (purposeful action)."

Fishbowl- a place open to public view and criticism.

Social reflexivity- circular relationships between cause and effect, especially as embedded in human belief structures

Structure- the arrangement of and relations between the parts or elements of something complex.

Agency- action or intervention, especially such as to produce a particular effect.

When looking at what the fishbowl is, it's more than just a place open to public view and criticism. As seen in the quote, social reflexivity is a big part of it. I've talked a lot about reflexivity in previous fishbowl entries, however, I do a lot of it when looking at past writings. I like to read what I have written and thought in recent times and think what was the reason I was thinking those words. I find it very interesting reading my past thoughts and learning from them as if they were someone else's.

Fragments and thresholds in the fishbowl

Post by evansanford » Sun Sep 25, 2022 11:42 pm

"Your fragments are autonomous zones of activity."

Fragments- a small part broken or separated off something.

Autonomous- having the freedom to govern itself or control its own affairs

Zones- an area or stretch of land having a particular characteristic, purpose, or use, or subject to particular restrictions

Activity- the condition in which things are happening or being done.

This quote had a lot of meaning to me, as it was regarding our social meeting and the fragments made from it. This sentence relates to a lot of what I have been talking about in the fishbowl for a while. What we create, our dichotomies, and felt experiences are there to be read, and looked at. There is nothing that can interfere with it. They are there to be learned from and to be analyzed and potentially change into something even better.

Shift in attentional practice and norms

Post by evansanford » Tue Sep 27, 2022 12:31 am

"We are witnessing and experiencing the shift in your ‘attentional practice’ in the fishbowl."

Witnessing- see take place.

Experiencing- encounter or undergo (an event or occurrence).

Shift- a slight change in position, direction, or tendency.

Attentional practice- affecting or involving attention as a mental faculty.

This quote is one that I can relate to my experiences in the fishbowl and how I have developed since the start of this class. In the early days of this course, when writing in the fishbowl, I didn't feel as much purpose and passion. However, now, I can see myself looking more and more in-depth at each letter. I focus more on things that speak louder to myself personally and my experiences.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/27/2022 0:55:34
Subject: shift in attentional practice and norms
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? The best way to beat the blahs, I’ve found, is by swimming in the fishbowl and reading your postings. 

Particularly your google searches, reflections and felt-experiences. I’m sure many of you experience the same. It is a natural process and practice for beating the blues.

Our everyday behaviors and feelings are greatly influenced by the use of communication technology. 

And what we are experiencing, according to Howard Rheingold in his best selling book, Net Smart (please google) ‘is large scale shifts in attentional practices and norms.’ 

We are witnessing and experiencing the shift in your ‘attentional practice’ in the fishbowl. Please see Ryan Loring’s postings as an example of this shift.

Sanjiv

ATTENTION, ATTENTIONAL, PRACTICE, NORM, PROCESS, SHIFT

from the fishbowl...

ryanloring

Posts: 23

Joined: Tue Sep 06, 2022 3:07 pm

Google Searches - Ryan Loring

Post by ryanloring » Mon Sep 12, 2022 10:53 pm

9/10

The famous sociologist, Anthony Giddens, was known for his theory of structuration. He believed the actions of individuals along with the social forces that maintain societies were the two main driving factors in shaping our social reality. His outlook was that neither of these factors alone held the sole responsibility of forming societies. He also was known for his political philosophy, the third way, which proposed a new political standing located between the far right and far left. This was his alternative to capitalism.

Luce Irigaray is a well known French feminist who fights stereotypes based on differences in sexuality. She believes that Western cultures have no basis of a female subject when the conversation of sexuality arises. Specifically in American cultures, we resort to placing men above women when comparing the two. Throughout Irigaray's work, she explains that our conversations should shift to respecting the qualities of men and women as two separate entities.

Post by ryanloring » Tue Sep 13, 2022 1:02 pm

9/12

The founder of SOL (the Society of Organizational Learning), Peter Senge, works to create learning communities for primary and secondary education. He questioned, "how do we create the conditions for people to work together at their best, cultivating the innate systems intelligence that is our birthright but is all but lost in modern culture?". Senge wants to create a way of learning that would not be negatively affected by our culture, where people are capable of creating whatever they can think of.

The "Fifth Discipline", written by Peter Senge, delves into how we can transform our environment in order to nurture learning. The five disciplines discussed in the book come together to form a learning organization. Each discipline provides a theory that aids learning within a group.

Post by ryanloring » Tue Sep 13, 2022 1:25 pm

9/13

Wolfgang Iser was a scholar, famous for his reader-response criticism. He argues the meaning of a literary text is found somewhere between the connection of the text itself and the reader. While the text is a constant in each new connection it makes, each reader can interpret the text differently, thus shifting the meaning of the text. Iser believes these different interpretations readers can have on the same text, stem from unwritten words. Meaning the areas where an author might choose to exclude detail, leave space for each reader to let their imagination take control of the text and create their own understanding of what they are reading.

Post by ryanloring » Mon Sep 19, 2022 4:34 pm

9/17

The famous philosopher, Ludwig Wittgenstein, was known for his two publications, "Tractatus Logico Philosophicus" (1921) and the "Philosophical Investigations" (1953), which dove into the philosophy of language. Wittgenstein claimed, "The world is the totality of facts, not of things". He believed if one is not certain about what they are going to say, they shouldn't say anything at all. His goal was to peel back the layers of meaningless words and sayings of our languages, leaving us to strictly speak with certainty.

The well known sociologist, Pierre Bourdieu, thoroughly researched the sociology of culture, comprising many theories that connect one's social status to their personal taste. He outlined social capital as something that had to be earned through an individual's ability to utilize the resources available to them. Bourdieu believed people can be put into positions of power where social norms work to their advantage, but this doesn't give them the ability to gain further advantages in social status.

Self-reflexivity is the original act of self-poises and it comes into existence by virtue of its own activity.

Post by ryanloring » Mon Sep 19, 2022 5:25 pm

9/19

Social constructionism is a theory of knowledge in sociology that examines how individuals develop their knowledge and understanding of the world. It represents how our society tends to categorize individuals based on characteristics out of their control. Some of these would be race, gender, and ethnicity.

Post by ryanloring » Mon Sep 26, 2022 6:08 pm

9/25 - Cognitive Mapping

Cognitive mapping refers to the mental picture our brain creates when we are given information. The most common form of this comes when we picture locations and other environmental landmarks.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/25/2022 23:26:37
Subject: fragments and thresholds in the fishbowl
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well.

Please see Jack Puccetti posting below regarding the social meeting exercise. It is well done and excellent in its 'cognitive-mapping’ (please google).

Some key considerations in the exercise.

1. Developing a good “word pool” is important. It is by substituting words that we move our thoughts, ideas and images forward.

2. The symbols (6 words from your ethnographic text) you select are culturally based and, pairing them into dichotomies is a creative act.

3. The structure of words (sentence) that you develop must be in relation to each other in the dichotomy. 

4. The particulars of your felt-experience of the social meeting must ‘fit’ with the generic structure of words that you constructed.

Ultimately, your social meeting (156 people in groups of three) will be ‘fragments’ on a digital screen, forever open to interpretation and re-interpretation. This is known as The Interface Effect (please google Alexander Galloway).

After you complete the exercise, I will be sure to congratulate you for the following reasons:

1. Your fragments are about thresholds. ‘Those mysterious zones of interaction that mediate between different realities.’ (Galloway)

2. Your fragments are autonomous zones of activity.

3. Your fragments illustrate, more or less, a specific interpretive method (please google)

4. Your method shares a great deal with what is known as ‘cognitive mapping’.

Please view your fragments in this light.

Sanjiv

FRAGMENT, THRESHOLD, INTERFACE, EFFECT, INTERPRET, COGNITIVE, MAP, METHOD, ILLUSTRATE, AUTONOMY

 

From the fishbowl…

jackpuccetti

Posts: 44

Joined: Mon Sep 05, 2022 1:14 pm

Social Meeting Exercise

post by jackpuccetti » Sun Sep 25, 2022 4:24 pm

Nothing/Commute

Nothing - not anything; no single thing. Nil, Zero, Nought

Commute - travel some distance between one's home and place of work on a regular basis. Shuttle, Travel

The commute towards something, replaces the emptiness of the nothing; overcoming the nil through traveling towards a cure to void.

Before the social meeting, I had known nothing about my group mates and who they were. Our relationship represented the nothing. In our time together we commuted towards something. We grew as a group and learned about each other.

Think/Hand

Think - direct one's mind toward someone or something; use one's mind actively to form connected ideas. Ponder, Reflect, Deliberate, Contemplate, Cogitate

Hand - used in reference to the power to direct something. Control, Power, Charge, Responsibility, Jurisdiction, Grasp

With varying responsibilities at hand, leaders are forced to ponder, reflect, and make decisions based on prior situations and outside thinking.

During our time together, we took some time to speak about the class. Thinking before speaking, we were communicating our successes and understandings. We discussed our roles as participants in the fishbowl and our resources at hand.

Communication/Absence

Communication - the successful conveying or sharing of ideas and feelings. Contact, Relations, Connection, Interaction, Correspondence, Speaking

Absence - the nonexistence or lack of. Lack, Want, Nonexistence, Unavailability, Without, Exclusion

Through contact and interaction, individuals representing different parties are able to overcome a lack of information and create a better understanding of each other.

Our group used the meeting as a monumental point, the first time to communicate with one another. We rescheduled our meeting after the absence of one group member. He had been called into work. Our ability to overcome the obstacle prevented exclusion, made the meeting more cherishable, and forced the group to connect again and enabled the formation of relations.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/25/2022 13:18:42
Subject: autonomy
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well.

I.

During the semester, and in the social meeting exercise, you are ‘developing’ the following skills:

Sorting, sifting and selecting

Symbols and word-images

Generating words, thoughts and images

Social construction

Interpretism

Ethnography

Reflexivity

Aesthetic Response

Structure and Space

Mental and Perceptual Space

Objective and Subjective Realities

Form and Content

Dichotomy and Structure

Trajectory and Inflection

At this point in the semester, please have a working understanding of the above concepts. 

We will develop these skills throughout the semester and several new ones.

While you are working on your social meeting exercise, I will give comments on two recent postings, before the day is out. 

To take our thinking, our thoughts, words and images to another level.

To survive, sustain and succeed.

II.

Please see an example of social reflexivity in meehan392’s posting below.

A high level of social reflexivity would be defined by individuals shaping their own norms, tastes, politics, desires, and so on. This is similar to the notion of autonomy. For instance you are making autonomous selections in your fishbowls and exercises.

The fishbowl is an example of social reflexivity, structure and agency (purposeful action).

Sanjiv

AUTONOMY

From the fishbowl…

meehan392

Posts: 6

Joined: Tue Sep 06, 2022 6:20 pm

Re: about relations, friendship and sharing in space

Post by meehan392 » Sat Sep 24, 2022 4:04 pm

Learning through osmosis

What I learned and experienced....

The global revolution of thinking and perception is an evolving theory that proves itself quite often. Covid changed the outlook on many peoples lives, in the sense that it forced s to care about the ones that were not doing as well as us financially or physically. We also became more accustomed to living and working in the same environment. Covid made your average 8-5 worker realize the family time they were missing out on while working and commuting long days. From this status shift, we have experienced a large decline of people who want to work and actually put in the time to make a living for themselves and loved ones. Workers also realized that most of the work can be done at the house without productivity decreasing, eventually coming to the realization that a commute was a waste of money. Because of this, lots of workers whose jobs went fully remote during Covid are quitting their jobs since all their positions are demanding physical presence in the office.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/23/2022 0:34:07
Subject: the depth of an examined relationship...
------------------------------------------------------------
THE DEPTH

		OF AN EXAMINED RELATIONSHIP 

		

		IS MATCHED

		BY THE EXPANSE

		OF UNDERSTANDING AND FEELING:

Management Passion in the New Millennium

Presentation 

by matt & sanjiv, 

of matt & sanjiv, 

for matt & sanjiv.

 	 

 	Copyright, Letters To Matt, @dugal, 1999

Prologue

Midway, this way of life we’re bound upon

I woke to find myself in a dark wood,

Where the right road was wholly lost and gone.

Aye me, how hard to speak of it,

The rude and rough and stubborn forest,

The mere breath of memory stirs the old fear in the blood.

But when, at last, I stood beneath a steep hillside,

Which closed the valley’s wandering maze,

Whose dread had pierced me to the heart root deep.

Then I looked up and saw the morning rays

Mantle its shoulder from that planet bright

Which guides men’s feet aright

On all their ways.

		(from “Divina Commedia” by Dante Alighieri)

	

		 IN THE FISH-BOWL

Creating this fish-bowl is a performative act. It is a gesture for the continuation of a story... we’re writing as we go along… we do not know where it will lead, nor where it will end…but we know this for sure, it exists in our heads.

		

This is the story of two characters, matt and sanjiv, and the narrative unfolds in new england, at a small university near the ocean…where they’re swimming in a mental fish-bowl, combining Western sensibilities with Eastern ideas…in tryst with purpose, but shunning all direction, except an inner pressure to radicalize. One Viking, the other Sikh, they progress from liberating ego structures, through deeply bled wounds onto downward spirals of hatred and feelings of isolation, and then returning with renewed joy of understanding, forgiveness, and anticipation. Bringing a surging heritage (of bravery in battle) in their bloods, their forays range from existential arguments, to sudden affectionate détentes, and finally onto other arguments. Their relationship mirrors the profound changes in their lifestyles, in their conceptions of work, and of themselves. Determined to move away from conventional categories (of the division between self and other, of the representation of individuality, of established academic standards) in order to reflect a vision of themselves that transcends these boundaries in a new way. The two characters have an odd volatile nature to their wooing…their interactions end suddenly, and generally with puzzled amusement. They improvise, fabricate, and talk about dimensions and chemistry between people… at times their minds almost meet on the same page, until one makes a tiny faux pas that the other sees as shattering…they’re able to maintain this fragility by improvising from moment to moment. That is, they allow themselves to let their personalities and moods influence their performance but not alter the words or circumstances of the scene they enact in their minds…they really have very different ways of thinking, but are able to pass the ball back and forth easily, making for spontaneous fun.

So how do they do this in the fish-bowl? Like their characters, matt and sanjiv can’t agree. “The more I do it,” sanjiv said, “ the more I realize the character is me.” For matt, “it’s a matter of stripping down my defense mechanisms to being that vulnerable again.” Sanjiv countered: “I think for me it’s more building on top of me. I think.”

This interaction ended suddenly, as many interactions between matt and sanjiv, with puzzled bemusement.

Creating a Concept: the Fish-bowl

Instead of the idea of a relationship (like, teacher/student), attached to a real place (like, College of Business at URI), we created the idea of a place, attached to real people, namely, matt-and-sanjiv-in-a-fish-bowl. In this imaginary place, the Fish-bowl, with extraordinary patience and power, through words, we agreed to project awareness and unity of self as the principle theme. 

The Fish-bowl is a meeting place of the mind; it is a metaphysical place. There is no hiding here for matt-sanjiv because they’re simultaneously, observers and observed. 	

It cannot be assumed that the Fish-bowl is a determined, ordered system intelligible to the outsider who can discover the natural laws that govern matt-sanjiv, or that the role of reason is the power guiding matt-sanjiv.

Rationally and empirically, the Fish-bowl has no significance. It can only be seen in terms of the impact that the matt-sanjiv experience will make on its existence.

			

		2.20.99

My Dear Siddharatha,

During our period of estrangement, our inward journey was around doubts as to “who I am” and, “what I stand for,” i.e. who is the authentic self? Am I this, or, am I that? 

Through thought alone, one transcends a situation (of this/that), and thus we transcended our 

situation, comprising of hurt and feelings of insult, by conceiving the fish-bowl. However, to act upon thought, (beginning with the memo allocating matt’s assistantship to sanjiv), is a contingent act… to survive, to live, to be represented. Our contingent act was a gesture demarcating matt-sanjiv representation. Gesture demarcates, and so we conceive of ourselves…

				

The fish-bowl is

 			a contingent act 

a gesture 

 			to exist. 

The betrayal 

of ideas 

is a death 

to being. 

To open one’s mind 

and one’s mental routine 

to the world

is to open one’s heart.

From, 

your very dear friend, Hermann Hesse.

Our Intent: to Play a Unique Role

Our intent is to play a unique role in education: to gain intellect not through verbal discourse per se but through presentation of thought and action; not through involvement with people in an outside world but in a Way Within or an Inward Way that presents world as inner landscape, and so carry out in practice our theme of awareness and unity of self.

Fear of Expressing Feelings

We do not always express Feelings because they’re often Confused, and even Frightening. However, to deny Feelings is to make false, restricted work. To be inauthentic and fake.

In the fish bowl we’re learning to touch Feelings. We touch through expression, i.e. expressing conceptions and perceptions of things, including each other. Particularly, differences like viking/sikh, west/east, physical/ mental, student/teacher,love/hate, and other such dimensions. 

We touch Feelings under public gaze. We have a need to go public with every thing that we say or do.

We’re developing a need to write.

Management Principle 1: Conceiving Ambiguity, Creating Possibility

Ambiguous space is nonhierarchical, horizontal. Its nodes intersect in random, unregulated networks in which any node can interconnect with any other node. We create a new form of rhizomatic knowledge by mixing metaphors. Rhizome is a complex metaphor that contrasts with rooted, 

traditional metaphors, such as, teacher/student. In the fish-bowl, matt-and-sanjiv celebrate their nomadic and schizophrenic qualities. 

We’re motivated to do this because to conceive of ambiguity is to create possibility, and the stronger the ambiguity, the greater is our creativity, and the more powerful our felt-experience.

In the fish-bowl, we’ve created an ambiguious relationship between ourselves: 

we’ve fulfilled all formal requirements (papers, etc.), yet we’re inconclusive about them (grades, etc.); 

we’re not involved in each others research, yet our interaction is research; 

matt is paid fifteen hours/week to assist sanjiv, yet it is sanjiv who assists matt.

The ambiguity in our relationship creates possibility because it allows us to be anything we want. This freedom makes us examine each other in ways we hadn’t been able to see before.

				

Management Principle 2: Creating Myth

The “fish-bowl” is an example of creating a myth. Myth is created inter-subjectively between matt and sanjiv.

“Myth (of matt-sanjiv-in-a-fish-bowl) is a system of communication, it is a message. It is a mode of signification, a form. We assign to this form historical limits, conditions of use, and reintroduce community into it: we must nevertheless first describe it as a form.” (roland barthes)

We use our imagination to describe our form of myth.

The matt-sanjiv form is diasporic ambiguity.

The college of business at URI is percieving and experiencing it.

	Management Principle 3: Create Myth/Intersubjectivity/Intertextuality

Intersubjectivity helps matt-sanjiv to see that most human experience and action goes on between the self and others.

Myth creates Inter-subjectivity; and Inter-subjectivity creates Myth. However, in the fish-bowl the notion of Intertextuality replaces that of Intersubjectivity. “Every text is constructed as a mosaic of other texts, every text is an absorbtion and transformation of other texts” (julia kristeva). Through their intersubjectivity and intertextuality, around the texts of T.E. Lawrence (Lawrence of Arabia), Rainer Rilke (German poet), and Thomas Becket (Archbishop of Canterbury), among others, matt-sanjiv create the myth of the fish-bowl. 

					2.19.99

Dear Matt,

Thank you for expressing feelings so eloquently through the mouth of Mr. Kappus. 

You are Mr. Kappus. 

When reading our exchange of letters, it is evident that one’s authentic self is indeed problematic in a situation where one can be anything one wants. 

		 			We can be friends forever.

Between ourselves: Mr. Kappus, T.E Lawrence, the English, Rilke, Sartre, Hesse, the German, Eriksen, Viking, Siddharatha, Buddha, the Indian, Eakins, the American, Dugal, Sikh, Baudelaire, the French, the West and the East, we’re creating an inter-textuality, an inter-subjectivity, and a shared memory. Indeed, we’re creating our context. We’re laying the foundation. 

Through this labyrinthe lies the inward journey of the subjective self. 

I find your words,“ Even when overcome by feelings of hate, I still knew that our relationship was a source of great knowledge and understanding” to be most telling of our universal condition, because the central problem is not an abstract one, but one of contingency: what we lack is certainty, confidence, sense of purpose to break paradoxical situations like feelings of hate/ and feelings of great understanding. That is, the more I hate, the more I understand, and the more I understand, the more I hate. 

			

If we had more access to our own past, to memory, to inter-textuality and inter-subjectivity, our sense of purpose would be immensely augmented. Hesse’s Steppenwolf expressed this sense of meaning due to re-possession of the past: 

“For moments together my heart stood still between delight and sorrow to find how rich was the gallery of my life, and how thronged the soul of the wretched steppenwolf with high eternal stars and constellations… the kernel of this life of mine was noble. It came of high descent and turned, not on trifles, but on the stars…”(Steppenwolf, Hesse).

From your friend, Sanjiv

Myth/Intersubjectivity/Intertextuality are Inter-connected. 

Inter-connectedness is the understanding that relations, connecting and opposing, exist. 

			Even lies are part of the truth.	

To be Inter-connected is To-Be-Aware-of-Other-Realities, 

i.e. to be aware of opposing myths, metaphors, dimensions, 

and their on-going interactive inter-subjectivities.

“matt-sanjiv-in-the-fish-bowl” are aware of the what, why, whom, and wherefrom concerning their myth.

					2.21.99

Dear Lief Erikson theViking,

One’s position within a relationship, like,Viking-Sikh, has to do with intersubjective interpretation, in other words, position is determined by our past (shared memory), our present (interpretation), and, our future (imagination). 

The activities representing the past, present, and future, are overlapping in the new millennium to the extent of becoming indistinguishable. We’re experiencing confusion, loss of control, etc. In such a situation, how do I determine my sense of self? 

To do so, I reveal a structure, or deconstruct one, or imaginatively construct one…here’s mine: “I was sent to these Arabs as a stranger, unable to think their thoughts or subscribe their beliefs, but charged by duty to lead them forward and to develop to the highest any movement of theirs profitable to England in her war. If I could not assume their character, I could atleast conceal my own, and pass among them without evident friction, neither a discord nor a critic but an unnoticed influence. Since I was their fellow I will not be their apologist or advocate. Today in my old garments, I could play the bystander, obedient to the sensibilities of our theatre…but it is more honest to record that these ideas and actions then passed naturally. What now looks wanton or sadic seemed in the field inevitable or just unimportant routine.” (T.E. Lawrence, Seven Pillars of Wisdom, 1926)

What is our intersubjective interpretation of the above text with regard to us, as Viking-Sikh? Here is a random list of specifics for us to address in the fish-bowl:

 1. locate the fear

 2. build history

 3. zoom in and out

 4. raise the stakes

 5. get specific

 6. explore the underside

Yours truly,

				

Sardar Bahadur Singh the Sikh

Management Principle 4: Experiencing Learning

In the fish-bowl the problem of Being takes precedence over that of Knowing (when acquiring a Ph.D. or anything else). 

“Being cannot be made a subject of objective enquiry; it is revealed to the individual by reflecting on his own unique concrete existence in time and space. Existence is basic: it is the fact of the individual’s presence and participation in a changing and potentially dangerous world. Each self-aware individual understands his own existence in terms of his experience of himself and of his situation. The self of which he is aware is a thinking being which has beliefs, hopes, fears, desires, the need to find a purpose, and a will that can determine his actions.” (sartre)

	Real and Unreal:

We are free to choose between authentic and fake as a form of existence. Freedom distinguishes between “authentic” and “inauthentic” forms of existence. 

In the fish-bowl we distinguish between authentic/fake on the basis of our endeavor to transcend a particular dimension or form. 

This endeavor is the matt-sanjiv form of Authenticity.

We are free to choose our reality.

	

Management Principle 5: Creating Reality as Representational Space

I can represent something (teacher), if you represent the other (student).

You can only represent something (youth), if I represent the other (mid-life).

in this dimension we are bound

Whenever we articulate other dimensions, other myths, other inter-subjectivites, other realities, other representational spaces, we ipso facto create a temporal and spatial disjunction. 

When we articulate the meaning of a new dimension, we experience temporal and spatial disjunction as representational space. 

	Matt & Sanjiv occupy several dimensions, but their spirits are free.

					Viking and Sikh

	

	Reality of Humility/Arrogance

Matt and Sanjiv are inter-connected on the following dimension:

Humility------------------------------------------ Arrogance

Our beings “connect and oppose in relation” to this dimension. 

It is one of several operating realities between us. 

The existence of humility in matt’s being is dependent upon the existence of arrogance in sanjiv’s being; 

and the existence of humility in sanjiv’s being is dependent upon the existence of arrogance in matt’s being.

 We’re hooked.

 		We can be anything we want. It’s all in our heads.

	

Our Method: the Interplay between Verbalized-Thought and Felt-Experience

In the fish-bowl, the interplay between our two distinct identities brought complexity and depth to our respective worlds. We interpreted text (and each-other), as we saw (perceived) and felt (experienced) it. Even as we respect another’s text, we brought our subjectivity to bear upon it. We infused the text with our individual being; not the other way round. The text did not infuse us. 

In other words, we used words as expressions of sensed-thought (felt-experience) rather than as verbalized-thought in promoting the idea of unity above the inner divisions between us. Our interpreted text reveals us and reflects on us.

Example of Verbalized-thought:

“That evening, I found that I had to untangle two different reactions, writing a description of the conversation and, carefully separated, an expression of my feelings as a member of another culture. Each person is calibrated by experience, almost like a measuring instrument for difference, so discomfort is informative and offers a starting point for new understanding. Indeed, what I had seen and heard would not have pushed me to reflection and generalization were it not for the urgency produced by the sense of difference.”

(Mary Catherine Bateson, Peripheral Visions, page 17)

Example of Felt-experience:

In the fish-bowl we found

we had to untangle two processes:

description of the script (between us), 

and carefully separated, 

expression of (our) feelings.

WORDS DESCRIBE, STEP BACK, FEELINGS EXPRESS

We experience difference through the expression of feelings.

Discomfort from difference is Information;

Information is a starting point for new Understanding.

		

EXPERIENCE DIFFERENCE THRU EXPRESSION

	(My) experence, 

Makes (me)

different (from you).

difference (from you)

Makes (me) 

experience (you).

 DIFFERENCE CREATES SOMETHING NEW

The urgency 

produced by our sense of difference

Forces us to 

Reflect and Transcend the situation.

From the above method, what we learned about ourselves and for the practice of management were the following:

Construct a text/written script

express feelings

expressing feelings makes for difference 

sense of difference produces urgency

 			urgency requires us to reflect, and to transcend

			the written text…

Principle activity: create a sense of difference to achieve unity above inner divisions.

It’ All In Our Heads

						Thank you

								Bye…for 

now.

Epilogue

Our revels now are ended,

These are actors, as I foretold you,

We’re all spirits, and are melted into air.

And like the baseless fabric of this vision,

The cloud capp’d towers, the gorgeous palaces,

The solemn temples, the great globe itself.

Yea all which it inherit shall dissolve,

And like this insubstantial pageant faded,

Leave not a rack behind.

We are such stuff, as dreams are made of,

And our little life is rounded,

With a sleep.

(from “The Tempest” by William Shakespeare)

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/23/2022 0:29:56
Subject: completing the social meeting exercise
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well. Whenever I experience anxiety and distress, I have found, being close to text invariably leads to survival, sustainability and success. This is true for both the individual and the group.

Being close to text is a practice of mindfulness. Please google the term. What does it mean?

‘Mindfulness is the basic human ability to be fully present, aware of where we are and what we’re doing, and not overly reactive or overwhelmed by what’s going on around us.

While mindfulness is something we all naturally possess, it’s more readily available to us when we ‘practice’ on a daily basis.

Whenever you bring awareness to what you’re directly experiencing via your senses, or to your state of mind via your thoughts and emotions, you’re being mindful. And there’s growing research showing that when you train your brain to be mindful, you’re actually remodeling the physical structure of your brain.’

To complete the social meeting exercise, we raise the question, how is one to be mindful of what transpired at the social meeting?

Step 1. Select 6 symbols from your ethnographic text

From your ethnographic text and your pre-narrative, select 6 words that are symbols, word-images and metaphors. That is, each word represents something else. It is a symbol for something else. So say, if your group member didn’t respond, leaving a gap in the social meeting, what would that be a symbol of, what word? ‘Neglect,’ or something else, ‘anxiety,’ ‘overwhelm?’ 

You are selecting 6 symbols. Tread carefully my friend!

Be aware of your mind when making the selection. You are watching your decision making process, and sharing it.

Step 2. Create 3 dichotomies

Create three dichotomies from the six words, I.e., pair them up.

The dichotomy words must be different from each other and not an adjective to the other. They are to be two disparate elements.

This step calls for your creativity. The best way to put it would be by analogy: which two colors are you selecting to paint the sunset?

Your dichotomy lays the foundation for the structure of the sentence and the felt-experience that you are about to do in the following steps.

Step 3. Word-pool

For each dichotomy, create a word-pool by taking each of the two words further (look up dictionary and thesaurus). You are looking to substitute the original words, to further your understanding.

The word-pool marks the boundary of words from which you are going to make a structure (one sentence) that relates the two words of the dichotomy.

Keep it simple. Very important. More interested in see you getting familiar with the process.

You are taking two disparate elements, and relating them together.

Step 4. Sentence structure

From the word pool, you are creating a structure of words, I.e., a syntax.

Your sentence is an abstraction of universal meaning that relates two disparate elements into a structure.

Keep it simple but beautiful. See it as a work of art. Like fine food, some people appreciate fine sentences.

“ And the words slide into the slots ordained by syntax, and glitter as with atmospheric dust with those impurities which we call meaning.” (Anthony Burgess)

Step 5. Felt-experience

A description of a particular incident that you experienced and felt at the social meeting exercise. This feeling must fit the abstract sentence in Step 4. It is moving from the general to the specific.

Purpose of the Exercise

I believe that the best hope for our species lies in learning new patterns of attention to each other and to the biosphere, patterns that grow out of curiosity and respect and allow for wonder and learning.

Please see the attached prototype of the fishbowl

Sanjiv

DISPARATE, ELEMENT, RELATE, SYNTAX, UNIVERSAL, PARTICULAR, GENERAL, SPECIFIC, ATTENTION, PATTERN

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/16/2022 20:25:24
Subject: figuring it out
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? 

Thinking about metaphors, you are weaving a tapestry and following a thread; you are discerning and determining thought and word trajectories that are of your own making.

You have no goals nor targets and nor do you know where you are headed. You have left all presumptions behind and entered the unknown. You are ready for anything and everything.

So what are we doing, again?

We are understanding the research methodology known as ethnography (please google).

We are 'observing and participating' in a social meeting and we are doing the same when watching Japanese Story.

We are basically writing down whatever transpires during the social meeting and when watching Japanese Story. A snapshot with words. You can use a recorder for the meeting, and watch the film with subtitles to write down what is spoken.

These writings are your field notes. 

You are marking the boundary of the discourse.

We are viewing ‘discourse' as ‘a system of thought, knowledge or communication that constructs our experience of the world.’

You will understand this by the end of the assignment.

Please don’t post your field notes yet. And don’t forget doing the pre-narrative. There is more to the assignment. Have your field notes done by Monday. You have a free class on that day.

I will be writing to you about deconstruction of letters and reflexivity as methodologies over the next few days, and after that we can get onto structures.

Please note, right now, we are all over the place. Learning through osmosis, where nothing is wrong nor right, only, did you play the game or did you drop the ball? 

Sanjiv

DISCERN, DETERMINE, THOUGHT, TRAJECTORY, DISCOURSE, BOUNDARY, METHODOLOGY, PRESUMPTION

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/15/2022 20:47:21
Subject: Steps for Social/Friendship Meeting exercise
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you?

Steps for Doing The Friendship/Social group exercise: a conversation to get to know each other.

1. Set up a meeting, for at least 50 minutes, ideally in a Sports Bar over a drink

2. Pre-narrative: One paragraph of your feelings going into the social meeting.

3. The purpose of the meeting is to undergo a process of sustained observation and participation.

After the meeting, write an ethnographic text.

Ethnography is defined as the ‘scientific description’ of the customs of individual peoples and cultures.

4. Please watch the film Japanese Story attached before the week is out. You may also stream it from Amazon Prime.

Please generate an ethnographic text of the film by writing everything you hear: all the words spoken in conversations.

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1i8tHB8ID0D9-0JAQsNAjnLaxGifSOvPT/view?usp=sharing

5. Monday class is cancelled to enable you to meet during class time, if necessary, for the social meeting exercise. 

Have fun! I hope you enjoy the exercise, and perhaps make a life-long friend.

Sanjiv

OBSERVATION, PARTICIPATION, ETHNOGRAPHY, DESCRIBE, NARRATIVE, PRE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/14/2022 13:00:02
Subject: process and practice in the fishbowl
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this morning?

I. Being Present

Please recognize your group in class today.

Your addresses are in this email.

At this point we are all registered into the fishbowl.

If you are flummoxed, we are all here to help you. 

But get on with it.

Every one should have their names on a card for the archives.

Exchange addresses for emergency purposes. 

II. Developing roles: playing the part

a. There are no assignments with deadlines.

b. There is no right/wrong.

c. The only relevant question: did you do it?

d. How often did you do it?

e. What did you learn?

f. Did you develop?

g. Where is the evidence to your assertions?

III. Developing knowing and knowledge

Space as metaphor: perceptual, mental, inter-subjective, physical

Text, Image and Feeling

Sorting, sifting, selecting

Words as elements and sentences as structures

Work and meaning

IV. Expectations

When you say you weren’t in class and ask what did you miss?

Follow the thread in the letters.

Follow the postings as examples.

We learn by looking, watching and seeing things and reflecting on them.

There are two things to keep in mind:

you can’t step into the same river twice;

if you drop the ball, you can’t play the same game again.

Please see Peter Alagha’s postings in the fishbowl.

Sanjiv

LOOK, WATCH, SEE

from the fishbowl...

peteralagha

Posts: 10

Joined: Mon Sep 05, 2022 3:07 pm

post by peteralagha » Mon Sep 12, 2022 5:42 pm

READ: look at and comprehend the meaning of (written or printed matter) by mentally interpreting the characters or symbols of which it is composed.

WRITE: mark (letters, words, or other symbols) on a surface, typically paper, with a pen, pencil, or similar implement.

RECALL: bring (a fact, event, or situation) back into one's mind; remember.

REFLECT: think deeply or carefully about.

IMAGE: a physical likeness or representation of a person, animal, or thing, photographed, painted, sculptured, or otherwise made visible.

WORD: a unit of language, consisting of one or more spoken sounds or their written representation, that functions as a principal carrier of meaning.

ENGAGE: to occupy the attention or efforts of (a person or persons)

INTERACT: to communicate, work, or participate in an activity with someone or something

EXCHANGE: to give up (something) for something else; part with for some equivalent; change for another.

 post by peteralagha » Mon Sep 12, 2022 5:58 pm

FORM: bring together parts or combine to create (something).

RELATION: the way in which two or more concepts, objects, or people are connected; a thing's effect on or relevance to another.

CONNECTION: a relationship in which a person, thing, or idea is linked or associated with something else.

FRIENDSHIP: the emotions or conduct of friends; the state of being friends.

SPONTANEOUS: performed or occurring as a result of a sudden inner impulse or inclination and without premeditation or external stimulus.

UNCONSTRAINED: not restricted or limited.

SENSIBILITY: the ability to appreciate and respond to complex emotional or aesthetic influences; sensitivity.

AWARENESS: knowledge or perception of a situation or fact.

PERCEPTION: the ability to see, hear, or become aware of something through the senses.

EVOKE: bring or recall to the conscious mind.

FEELING: an emotional state or reaction

SHARE: a part or portion of a larger amount which is divided among a number of people, or to which a number of people contribute.

SPACE: a continuous area or expanse which is free, available, or unoccupied.

COGNITION: the mental action or process of acquiring knowledge and understanding through thought, experience, and the senses.

AFFIRMATION: emotional support or encouragement. the action or process of affirming something or being affirmed

 post by peteralagha » Mon Sep 12, 2022 6:00 pm

LEARNING: the acquisition of knowledge or skills through experience, study, or by being taught.

OSMOSIS: the process of gradual or unconscious assimilation of ideas, knowledge, etc.

post by peteralagha » Mon Sep 12, 2022 8:57 pm

INTERSUBJECTIVE: existing between conscious minds; shared by more than one conscious mind.

PERCEPTUAL: relating to the ability to interpret or become aware of something through the senses.

SPACE: a continuous area or expanse which is free, available, or unoccupied.

AGENCY: (purposeful action). action or intervention, especially such as to produce a particular effect.

REPETITIVE: involving doing or saying the same thing several times

PRACTICE: perform (an activity) or exercise (a skill) repeatedly or regularly in order to improve or maintain one's proficiency.

RITUALS: a series of actions or type of behavior regularly and invariably followed by someone.

FRAME OF MIND: a particular mood that influences one's attitude or behavior.

MEDITATIVE: giving your attention to one thing as a religious activity or to relax. Of, involving, or absorbed in meditation or considered thought.

CONTEMPLATIVE: expressing or involving prolonged thought

VALUE ADDED: measure of the progress pupils make over a period of time.

INTERPRET: explain the meaning of (information, words, or actions). to decide what the intended meaning of something is.

UNDERSTAND: perceive the intended meaning of (words, a language, or a speaker).

VIEW: to look at attentively. to have a particular opinion or way of thinking about someone or something

MENTAL SPACE: theoretical construct proposed by Gilles Fauconnier corresponding to possible worlds in truth-conditional semantics. Mental space does not contain a faithful representation of reality, but an idealized cognitive model.

post by peteralagha » Mon Sep 12, 2022 9:00 pm

EPILOGUE: a section or speech at the end of a book or play that serves as a comment on or a conclusion to what has happened.

 post by peteralagha » Mon Sep 12, 2022 9:05 pm

INTENSE: of extreme force, degree, or strength.

IMMERSE: involve oneself deeply in a particular activity or interest.

CONTEXT: the circumstances that form the setting for an event, statement, or idea, and in terms of which it can be fully understood and assessed. the parts of something written or spoken that immediately precede and follow a word or passage and clarify its meaning.

FORGE: create (a relationship or new conditions).

FRIENDSHIP: the emotions or conduct of friends; the state of being friends.

 post by peteralagha » Mon Sep 12, 2022 9:34 pm

CONTEMPLATE: look thoughtfully for a long time at. think about

MEDITATE: think deeply or focus one's mind for a period of time, in silence or with the aid of chanting, for religious or spiritual purposes or as a method of relaxation.

SACRED: devoted or dedicated to a deity or to some religious purpose. connected with God (or the gods) or dedicated to a religious purpose and so deserving veneration.

SPACE: a continuous area or expanse which is free, available, or unoccupied.

SANCTUARY: a place of refuge or safety. a nature reserve

COMMUNAL: shared by all members of a community; for common use.

ALIGN: give support to (a person, organization, or cause). put (things) into correct or appropriate relative positions.

ACTIVITY: the condition in which things are happening or being done. a thing that a person or group does or has done.

ENHANCE: intensify, increase, or further improve the quality, value, or extent of.

CAPACITY: the maximum amount that something can contain. the amount that something can produce

LEARN: gain or acquire knowledge of or skill in (something) by study, experience, or being taught. become aware of (something) by information or from observation.

 post by peteralagha » Tue Sep 13, 2022 12:04 pm

REPRESENT: be entitled or appointed to act or speak for (someone), especially in an official capacity.

REALIZE: become fully aware of (something) as a fact; understand clearly.

POTENTIAL: having or showing the capacity to become or develop into something in the future.

EFFECT: a change which is a result or consequence of an action or other cause.

READING: the action or skill of reading written or printed matter silently or aloud.

AESTHETIC: concerned with beauty or the appreciation of beauty. a set of principles underlying and guiding the work of a particular artist or artistic movement.

RESPONSE: a written or verbal answer to a question in a test, questionnaire, survey, etc.. a reaction to something

FOCAL: relating to the center or main point of interest.

MOTION: the action or process of moving or being moved. direct or command (someone) with a movement of the hand or head. propose for discussion and resolution at a meeting or legislative assembly.

CHAIN: a sequence of items of the same type forming a line.

DIALECTIC: the art of investigating or discussing the truth of opinions.

 post by peteralagha » Tue Sep 13, 2022 10:24 pm

RECOGNIZE: identify (someone or something) from having encountered them before; know again. identify from knowledge of appearance or character.

FEELING: an emotional state or reaction. a belief, especially a vague or irrational one.

IMAGE: a representation of the external form of a person or thing in art. the general impression that a person, organization, or product presents to the public.

TEXT: a book or other written or printed work, regarded in terms of its content rather than its physical form. the main body of a book or other piece of writing, as distinct from other material such as notes, appendices, and illustrations.

MEANING: a statement of the exact meaning of a word, especially in a dictionary. the degree of distinctness in outline of an object, image, or sound, especially of an image in a photograph or on a screen.

PURSUE: follow (someone or something) in order to catch or attack them.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/14/2022 0:09:19
Subject: the purpose of work
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you?

The purpose of work is inseparable from the purpose of life. A life well-lived is one that pursues meaning, and work is one of the primary ways we pursue meaning in life. Work is about meaning, and the pursuit of meaning.

It is well recognized that Feeling is the place to start.

How are you feeling?

What are my feelings at this moment, as I blast my music in my ears and move my fingers over the key board and imagine your persona?

Go slow my friend, some of us are trailing behind. 

The spirit calls, you come too.

We don’t have to be in touch, we already reside in the mind, meeting across the stars.

I got your image and your text, and you got mine. 

Please see Erik Youngstrom’s posting in the fishbowl.

Please be in class tomorrow for attendance and introductions.

Sanjiv

RECOGNIZE, FEELING, IMAGE, TEXT, MEANING, PURSUE

From the fishbowl…

Erikyoungstrom

Posts: 3

Joined: Tue Sep 06, 2022 4:42 pm

Sacred Space

post by Erikyoungstrom » Tue Sep 13, 2022 7:16 pm

"Sacred spaces are ambivalent. They are located in the here and now and at the same time function as openings, thresholds, portals to another world, a world of gods and spirits, a larger universe, the cosmos."

A holy asylum, especially a church or other sacred location, linked the right to provide shelter from arrest and the usual operation of the law to criminals, debtors, and others who take refuge inside its borders.

A sacred space is a must-have for anybody nowadays. You must have a room, or a set hour or so each day, where you don't know what was in the news that morning, who your friends are, what you owe anyone, and what anyone owes you. This is where you may be and express who you are and who you could become. This is the incubator for unique ideas. You may initially discover that nothing happens there. I believe if you have a sacred site and use it, something will happen eventually.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/13/2022 13:57:06
Subject: about reading and aesthetic responses
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you today? It is wise to attend classes these days, particularly when attendance is not mandatory. You and I are going to class these days in order to REALIZE any one or more of the following metaphors:

get the drift; 

be in the mood; 

on the same page; 

get the hang of it; 

get a sense of; 

be ahead of the game; 

discern and visualize the end; 

be with it; and, 

so on. 

This letter is about reading. 

The text in my letters represents a potential effect that is realized in the reading process.

Reading is therefore the focal point, for it sets in motion a whole chain of activities that depend both on the text and on the exercise of certain basic human faculties.

The poles of text and reader, together with the interaction that occurs between them, forms the ground-plan on which our semester is to be built. 

An “aesthetic response” (please google Wolfgang Iser) is analysed in terms of a DIALECTIC relationship between text, reader, and their interaction. 

It is called aesthetic response because, although it is brought about by the text, it brings into play the imaginative and perceptive faculties of the reader, in order to make them adjust and even differentiate their own focus.

Since our work in the fishbowl arises from our interaction with texts, there can be no denying the importance of what happens to us through these texts.

For this reason, your fishbowl is to be considered not as a documentary record of something that exists or has existed, but as a reformulation of an already formulated reality which brings into the world something that did not exist before.

Sanjiv

REPRESENT, REALIZE, POTENTIAL, EFFECT, READING, AESTHETIC, RESPONSE, FOCAL, MOTION, CHAIN, DIALECTIC

from the fishbowl...

harryrunci

Posts: 9

Joined: Mon Sep 05, 2022 10:40 am

Re: Taking and Making Notes

	

Post by harryrunci » Sun Sep 11, 2022 10:50 pm

‘There is a global revolution going on in how we think of ourselves and how we form ties and connections with others.’

Despite the fact that this quote comes from a 1999 lecture series, it remains very relevant today, especially in the age of the Internet, smart phones, and social media. These networks and instruments have drastically impacted how we form ties and connections with others, and have great influence on Giddens' noted three "forms of relations": sex and love; parent-child relations; and friendship. From the invention of dating apps like Tinder, to the simple text message from a parent to child living across the country, to using Instagram to keep tabs on your friends, the global revolution is abundantly clear. Today's society is one of interconnectedness, that is impacted greatly by ever-changing technology. This affects not only our relations with others, but also how we think of ourselves. Social media influencers can share media that reinforce unrealistic expectations, specifically of their bodies, which can be damaging to their followers who may idolize them.

Post by harryrunci » Sun Sep 11, 2022 10:59 pm

"We cannot share the world as it already is, with the exception of the natural world. The world that we can share is always and still to be elaborated by us and between us starting from the perception and affirmation of what and who we are as humans here and now.”

I do find this quote to be a bit confusing, and I am not exactly sure what to make of it. However, the message I take from it is that the world is what we choose to make of it, and we are in control of what we do and how we perceive what we do. While the natural world may be more fixed, as humans we make things happen and it is on us to make progress.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/13/2022 1:25:43
Subject: sacred space
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? It was good to see you.

The fishbowl is a sacred space.

“Sacred spaces are ambivalent. They are located in the here and now and at the same time function as openings, thresholds, portals to another world, a world of gods and spirits, a larger universe, the cosmos.”

Your sacred space is your own private sanctuary — as you are participating with others, the fishbowl is a communal room devoted to spiritual practice. Decorate it carefully and simply, paying attention to details that will help you relax.

The fishbowl has no presence beyond that of the viewers who bring it to life.

We are enhancing our capacities to learn by aligning our activities in creative ways.

You just have to scroll down Active Topics to see for yourself. The beat is on!

The key is to slow the mind so that you can contemplate and meditate on a word, an image, a thought. The pandemic taught me that.

Sanjiv

CONTEMPLATE, MEDITATE, SACRED, SPACE, SANCTUARY, COMMUNAL, ALIGN, ACTIVITY, ENHANCE, CAPACITY, LEARN

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 8/31/2022 12:38:20
Subject: Welcome Fall2022
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Welcome to Fall2022 and to MGT345: Business in Society and MGT448: International Dimensions of Business. How are you? 

It will be good to see you next week. 

Looking at you looking at me looking at you.

I’m your friendly instructor who is also driving our Bus. That is an image, a metaphor. 

I am writing to give you the syllabus and to give you a sense of the class. 

Your questions will be addressed in class on Wednesday, September 7.

So please hold your horses until then. Another image and metaphor.

MGT345 and MGT448 are definitely not difficult courses, but they are intense.

September 7 to October 31 will be an intense time. 

To be intense, you have to immerse yourself in a particular context and figure out what is going on.

INTENSE, IMMERSE, CONTEXT

The construction of the syllabus was indeed an intense time, as I’ve been immersed in the subject matter, via text, images and self-reflections. 

I’ve been developing a ‘lens’ through which to view the world and our situation in it. Yours and mine. 

Vision, Entrepreneurship, and Leadership.

How we perceive the world, impacts our experience of it.

As an example of this truism, your introductory assignment will be addressing the question: how does one forge a friendship in the digital workplace? Underlying this question is the ability to ‘see’ the other, the different. When we can ‘see’ each other, an authentic dialog and friendship becomes possible. More details will follow.

FORGE, FRIENDSHIP

All the best for the semester. Wishing you a wonderful time, good health and lots of learning. In that order!

Sincerely,

Sanjiv Dugal

Ps: we will not be working through Brightspace because it doesn’t meet the objectives of this course.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 5/5/2022 11:16:23
Subject: they didn't bring me a letter today
------------------------------------------------------------
They didn’t bring me a letter today;

He forgot to write or he went away;

Spring is like a trill of silver laughter,

Boats are rocking in the bay,

They didn’t bring me a letter today.

			Anna Akhmatova (please google)

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 5/5/2022 11:15:23
Subject: they didn't bring me a letter today
------------------------------------------------------------
They didn’t bring me a letter today;

He forgot to write or he went away;

Spring is like a trill of silver laughter,

Boats are rocking in the bay,

They didn’t bring me a letter today.

			Anna Akhmatova (please google)

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 5/2/2022 18:36:27
Subject: participation in learning (1)
------------------------------------------------------------
High Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are doing well.

When giving an account of one’s participation in learning, acknowledging divergent meanings is essential when trying to make sense of our learning in MGT345 and 448, for there are often taken-for-granted assumptions about participation; what is its form, what is its doing and its effects.In the literature, in management education and organizational practice it is often assumed that there is an agreement on the type of participation carried out, for example, that this is task orientation, this is coaching, this is delegation, etc. In other words all involved agree what will take place and how to label this participation.

However, this alignment of meaning --- shared understanding of what is going on --- cannot be taken for granted. Often people participating in learning view things differently. Our participation and the role we play are no exception. For instance, I have a colleague who sees herself as a Leader, but i see her as an Administrator. Another example: those who receive an A in MGT345 and 448, I perceive them to be co-authors and not students. We have co-produced a text of value and proven merit as collaborators in a knowledge economy. 

In other words, the categories one creates, has little to do with how others perceive it and nor what they feel about it.

The purpose of this email is to facilitate a more qualified understanding of the significance of the alignment of meanings in constructions of work, learning, participation and outcomes. Non-participation may be about disagreements and conflicts, but also ambiguities and confusions. Forms and sources of non-participation are topics of continual interest for creating added value.

Most traditional understandings of learning participation includes a speaker at a podium saying something and followers responding to that, together shaping some form of influencing process and resulting outcomes. This framework provides for 

what the speaker brings to the podium and does (i.e., the influencing process)

and 

how the followers perceive and attribute meaning to their learning participation (i.e., the resulting outcome).

An effort to influence through one’s text does not necessarily lead to the targeted outcome. 

The influence of selected words, 

their perception by a participating viewer, and 

the resulting feeling or outcome,

should not be labeled together for they don’t necessarily coincide.

Combining one’s influence, the other’s perception and the overall feeling in one box (Yes/No) encourages a tendency to produce built-in results and insensitivity to the learning process and relational issues. For, the words you select may have nothing to do with how I, the other, came to see it, nor what I feel about it. 

Bottom line: When it is learning, participation and work that one is focusing on, the participant’s dispositional characteristics and behaviors, perceptions and attributions, and the context --- should each be considered separately, if participation in learning is to be investigated seriously.

I am talking about making money doing business across borders and mental structures. Please see Grant Fawcett’s reflection below.

Sanjiv

ALLIGNMENT, INFLUENCE, DIVERGENT, ACKNOWLEDGE

from the fishbowl...

grantfawcett

Posts: 78

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 12:51 am

Post by grantfawcett » Sun Apr 24, 2022 9:21 pm

The fishbowl has digital citizens and eager learners. We are hungry for knowledge and thirsty for realizations. We are indulging together and digesting these tasty morsels of information while thinking about the how so question. This will ultimately allow us to shake hands with words and sentences that are relevant when interacting with cultures unknown. This capability can be used as a weapon in an arsenal of diplomacy. Being able to connect with those who have disparate value-systems is a skill that will open doors not thought possible.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 5/2/2022 18:35:22
Subject: participation in learning (1)
------------------------------------------------------------
High Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are doing well.

When giving an account of one’s participation in learning, acknowledging divergent meanings is essential when trying to make sense of our learning in MGT345 and 448, for there are often taken-for-granted assumptions about participation; what is its form, what is its doing and its effects.In the literature, in management education and organizational practice it is often assumed that there is an agreement on the type of participation carried out, for example, that this is task orientation, this is coaching, this is delegation, etc. In other words all involved agree what will take place and how to label this participation.

However, this alignment of meaning --- shared understanding of what is going on --- cannot be taken for granted. Often people participating in learning view things differently. Our participation and the role we play are no exception. For instance, I have a colleague who sees herself as a Leader, but i see her as an Administrator. Another example: those who receive an A in MGT345 and 448, I perceive them to be co-authors and not students. We have co-produced a text of value and proven merit as collaborators in a knowledge economy. 

In other words, the categories one creates, has little to do with how others perceive it and nor what they feel about it.

The purpose of this email is to facilitate a more qualified understanding of the significance of the alignment of meanings in constructions of work, learning, participation and outcomes. Non-participation may be about disagreements and conflicts, but also ambiguities and confusions. Forms and sources of non-participation are topics of continual interest for creating added value.

Most traditional understandings of learning participation includes a speaker at a podium saying something and followers responding to that, together shaping some form of influencing process and resulting outcomes. This framework provides for 

what the speaker brings to the podium and does (i.e., the influencing process)

and 

how the followers perceive and attribute meaning to their learning participation (i.e., the resulting outcome).

An effort to influence through one’s text does not necessarily lead to the targeted outcome. 

The influence of selected words, 

their perception by a participating viewer, and 

the resulting feeling or outcome,

should not be labeled together for they don’t necessarily coincide.

Combining one’s influence, the other’s perception and the overall feeling in one box (Yes/No) encourages a tendency to produce built-in results and insensitivity to the learning process and relational issues. For, the words you select may have nothing to do with how I, the other, came to see it, nor what I feel about it. 

Bottom line: When it is learning, participation and work that one is focusing on, the participant’s dispositional characteristics and behaviors, perceptions and attributions, and the context --- should each be considered separately, if participation in learning is to be investigated seriously.

I am talking about making money doing business across borders and mental structures. Please see Grant Fawcett’s reflection below.

Sanjiv

ALLIGNMENT, INFLUENCE, DIVERGENT, ACKNOWLEDGE

from the fishbowl...

grantfawcett

Posts: 78

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 12:51 am

Post by grantfawcett » Sun Apr 24, 2022 9:21 pm

The fishbowl has digital citizens and eager learners. We are hungry for knowledge and thirsty for realizations. We are indulging together and digesting these tasty morsels of information while thinking about the how so question. This will ultimately allow us to shake hands with words and sentences that are relevant when interacting with cultures unknown. This capability can be used as a weapon in an arsenal of diplomacy. Being able to connect with those who have disparate value-systems is a skill that will open doors not thought possible.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 5/2/2022 0:08:50
Subject: self-valorization
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope the ending of the semester is going well for you. 

In the fishbowl, there is no right/wrong answer nor a right/wrong way of doing things.

Digital technology has transcended this dichotomy, that is to say, in the digital world, you have the power to be and do anything you want.

In which case, the more relevant question becomes: 

Did You or Did You Not Do It? The process and practice, that is. 

And, the how becomes the next logical question.

The 'How you did it' creates 'use-value' and 'exchange-value’ and has financial implications in a knowledge economy

"No ambition, however extravagant, no fantasy, however outlandish, can any longer be dismissed as crazy or impossible. This is the age when you can finally do it all ...

Suddenly technology has given us powers with which we can manipulate not only external reality -- the physical world -- but also, and much more portentously, Ourselves. You can becomw whatever you want to be”

Ed Regis, On Extropians

In other words, you select the word(s), and construct any dichotomy and position yourself on any dimension. 

Structure/Plane: 

Dichotomy/Dimension 

MGT345 is about dichotomies; MGT448 is about dimensions.

Did you select the right/wrong word?

Does your dichotomy and dimension create value?

Only the artistic entrepreneur can answer these questions for themselves. 

The digital production process is both a labour process creating use-values and a value-creation process through which additional new value is created. 

If your work has no satisfactory value, do it again, i.e., change and re-create your selection of word(s).

Your freedom to choose is the working of artists in a creative process.

Autonomous, self-development and self-valorization are at the heart of pricing in the digital economy.

Please see Rowan Coleman’s reflection below.

Sanjiv

VALORIZE, AUTONOMOUS, DEVELOPMENT, CHOICE, TRANSCEND, DICHOTOMY, STRUCTURE, DIMENSION, PLANE

from the fishbowl...

rowancoleman

Posts: 108

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 2:13 pm

Post by rowancoleman » Sat Apr 30, 2022 2:56 pm

Google Search: Stanley Fish

Fish’s importance resides mainly in that he is an exemplar of recent academic trends. He chiefly represents himself—he does that quite well—but he may also represent something of the postmodern academic life: its self-satisfaction, its self-promotion, its glibness. If the humanities are in trouble today, humanists like Fish are one of the reasons (https://newrepublic.com/article/114224/stanley-fish-careerism)

My take: I think it is rather pretentious to assume that simply because Fish is exploring new forms of representing academia, rather in a buisness, social, or personified, is bad. Exploring new realms of thought should never be frowned upon or seen as "suppressing humanities" Humanities are faced with their own problems caused by a lack of inspired creativity, and a lack of awareness, there are in fact not dying however. Yes, this is my opinion, but I see the humanities as evolving, and those who do not see that are stuck in the pre-digital age.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 5/2/2022 0:08:20
Subject: self-valorization
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope the ending of the semester is going well for you. 

In the fishbowl, there is no right/wrong answer nor a right/wrong way of doing things.

Digital technology has transcended this dichotomy, that is to say, in the digital world, you have the power to be and do anything you want.

In which case, the more relevant question becomes: 

Did You or Did You Not Do It? The process and practice, that is. 

And, the how becomes the next logical question.

The 'How you did it' creates 'use-value' and 'exchange-value’ and has financial implications in a knowledge economy

"No ambition, however extravagant, no fantasy, however outlandish, can any longer be dismissed as crazy or impossible. This is the age when you can finally do it all ...

Suddenly technology has given us powers with which we can manipulate not only external reality -- the physical world -- but also, and much more portentously, Ourselves. You can becomw whatever you want to be”

Ed Regis, On Extropians

In other words, you select the word(s), and construct any dichotomy and position yourself on any dimension. 

Structure/Plane: 

Dichotomy/Dimension 

MGT345 is about dichotomies; MGT448 is about dimensions.

Did you select the right/wrong word?

Does your dichotomy and dimension create value?

Only the artistic entrepreneur can answer these questions for themselves. 

The digital production process is both a labour process creating use-values and a value-creation process through which additional new value is created. 

If your work has no satisfactory value, do it again, i.e., change and re-create your selection of word(s).

Your freedom to choose is the working of artists in a creative process.

Autonomous, self-development and self-valorization are at the heart of pricing in the digital economy.

Please see Rowan Coleman’s reflection below.

Sanjiv

VALORIZE, AUTONOMOUS, DEVELOPMENT, CHOICE, TRANSCEND, DICHOTOMY, STRUCTURE, DIMENSION, PLANE

from the fishbowl...

rowancoleman

Posts: 108

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 2:13 pm

Post by rowancoleman » Sat Apr 30, 2022 2:56 pm

Google Search: Stanley Fish

Fish’s importance resides mainly in that he is an exemplar of recent academic trends. He chiefly represents himself—he does that quite well—but he may also represent something of the postmodern academic life: its self-satisfaction, its self-promotion, its glibness. If the humanities are in trouble today, humanists like Fish are one of the reasons (https://newrepublic.com/article/114224/stanley-fish-careerism)

My take: I think it is rather pretentious to assume that simply because Fish is exploring new forms of representing academia, rather in a buisness, social, or personified, is bad. Exploring new realms of thought should never be frowned upon or seen as "suppressing humanities" Humanities are faced with their own problems caused by a lack of inspired creativity, and a lack of awareness, there are in fact not dying however. Yes, this is my opinion, but I see the humanities as evolving, and those who do not see that are stuck in the pre-digital age.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/30/2022 13:41:33
Subject: new forms
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. Please see Jenna Sousa’s reflection below. What she is talking about is 'new forms of the organization of work.’

New forms. New ways of operating. New structures. New sentences. New ways of seeing, doing and being.

This, combined with a corresponding wealth of theoretical reflection on Jenna’s part, she has made possible the identification of a new conception of what work is nowadays and what new power relations it implies.

Sanjiv

NEW, FORM, IDENTIFICATION, CONCEPTION, WORK, POWER, RELATION, IMPLY

from the fishbowl...

jennasousa

Posts: 93

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 1:34 pm

post by jennasousa » Fri Apr 29, 2022 9:56 pm

From the "narration: ways of operating" letter:

"Your "ways of operating" or doing things is made possible by your inquiries and hypotheses (vocabularies, google searches and felt-experiences), that indicate pathways for further research. Please fact check in these terms".

Fact check: We are all operating in our own way in the fishbowl. More specifically, we are all posting vocabulary words, google searches, and felt-experiences at different times and in different ways. We are allowed to post whenever we want, and we are able to expand our thoughts without having to write them in a specific way. We can even organize the content how we like in our fishbowl. We have the freedom to learn, create, and be ourselves in the fishbowl. I believe this is an impactful way of learning because we can choose to learn in the ways we learn best. Only we can know that for ourselves. The "way" we do all of these things in the fishbowl defines our ways of operating (and additionally, our ways of learning).

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/30/2022 13:40:35
Subject: new forms
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. Please see Jenna Sousa’s reflection below. What she is talking about is 'new forms of the organization of work.’

New forms. New ways of operating. New structures. New sentences. New ways of seeing, doing and being.

This, combined with a corresponding wealth of theoretical reflection on Jenna’s part, she has made possible the identification of a new conception of what work is nowadays and what new power relations it implies.

Sanjiv

NEW, FORM, IDENTIFICATION, CONCEPTION, WORK, POWER, RELATION, IMPLY

from the fishbowl...

jennasousa

Posts: 93

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 1:34 pm

post by jennasousa » Fri Apr 29, 2022 9:56 pm

From the "narration: ways of operating" letter:

"Your "ways of operating" or doing things is made possible by your inquiries and hypotheses (vocabularies, google searches and felt-experiences), that indicate pathways for further research. Please fact check in these terms".

Fact check: We are all operating in our own way in the fishbowl. More specifically, we are all posting vocabulary words, google searches, and felt-experiences at different times and in different ways. We are allowed to post whenever we want, and we are able to expand our thoughts without having to write them in a specific way. We can even organize the content how we like in our fishbowl. We have the freedom to learn, create, and be ourselves in the fishbowl. I believe this is an impactful way of learning because we can choose to learn in the ways we learn best. Only we can know that for ourselves. The "way" we do all of these things in the fishbowl defines our ways of operating (and additionally, our ways of learning).

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/27/2022 13:13:06
Subject: in-between space
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are doing well. Doing rituals while entering the mental space of 'thought-images' which are ephemeral and ethereal, semi-dreamlike. 

It is the space in-between.

When viewers can visualize your in-between space (please google), in their mind’s eye, you will have made a connection. 

By the event of this connection, in mental space, you create a history among your viewers that is full of future possibilities. 

Creating history as possibility. Please google Paulo Freire, a leading advocate of critical pedagogy (please google the term)..

It’s all in our heads, she said. 

You make a starting point; a connection: this is critical-making (please google), I replied.

Please see Chloe Degrauw’s reflections below.

Sanjiv

RITUAL, DOING, IN-BETWEEN, SPACE, VIEW, CONNECTION, POSSIBILITY, MAKE, PEDAGOGY

from the fishbowl...

chloedegrauw

Posts: 48

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 11:01 am

Post by chloedegrauw » Wed Apr 20, 2022 7:08 pm

Natural Language Generation: NLG is the use of artificial intelligence programming to produce written or spoken narratives from a data set. NLG can generate thousands of data-driven narratives in minutes using the right data in the right format. In addition, NLG is one of the fastest growing technologies being adopted into companies with cases commonly focused on the automation of time-intensive copywriting and reporting activities. NLG is very beneficial to companies in these fields because it provides high-quality content, increased content generation, conserving human energy for high-value activities, and being able to personalize at scale. NLG is known to become highly prevalent in the future as companies will be more dedicated to have technological advancements. 

Karl Weick and Sense Making: Karl Weick was an organizational theorist who introduced the concepts of loose coupling, mindfulness, and sense making into organizational studies. Weick defines sense making as "the ongoing retrospective development of plausible images that rationalize what people are doing". Sense making requires a focus on what people do, how they do it, and why they do it that way. This is important as others experiences can be interpreted in multiple ways.

Post by chloedegrauw » Tue Apr 26, 2022 8:17 pm

Empire by Hardt and Negri: Empire is a book written by Michael Hardt and Antonio Negri who were post-Marxist philosophers. The book tells a story of the Empire and the Multitude, the Empire is the form of sovereignty that exists under conditions of globalization. Hardt and Negri constitutes a new theory on the transition from modern to postmodern imperialism and ruling powers. 

EDULEARN22: EDULEARN is an international conference on education and new learning technologies taken place each summer. It is one of the largest conferences for lecturers, researchers, technologists, and professionals from the educational sector. In this conference, experts will get together to share their knowledge on teaching and learning methodologies and educational innovations. In addition, EDULEARN provides the opportunity for strategic international networking. 

Richard Rorty: Rorty was an American philosopher who had strong interests and training in the history of philosophy and in contemporary analytic philosophy. Rorty developed a distinctive and controversial brand of pragmatism that expressed itself along two main axes of modern philosophy and traditional problems with epistemology and metaphysics. Rorty's work consisted of the integration and apply milestone achievements of Dewey, Hegel, and Darwin in a pragmatist synthesis of historicism and naturalism. 

Gestalt Psychology and Phenomenology: Gestalt psychology is a movement in psychology founded in the early 20th century seeking to explain perceptions in terms of gestalts rather than by analyzing their constituents. Gestalt psychology suggests that structures have specific properties that are different from the sum of their individual parts. The Gestalt therapy have been known as the "therapy of the obvious" because phenomenology involves the process of discovering the obvious rather than relying on interpreting. 

Reflexive Methodology: New Vistas for Qualitative Research: This book was written by Mats Alvesson and Kaj Skoldberg. The writers associate techniques used in empirical research with different research traditions, giving a theoretically informed approach to qualitative research. In addition, the book involves questioning one's own taken for granted assumption and draws attention to the researcher as opposed to pretending they did not have an impact or influence. 

Reflexive Leadership: Organising in an Imperfect World: This book was written by Martin Blom, Mats Alvesson, and Stefan Sveningsson. In this book, the writers focus on an reflexive approach on leadership and discuss alternatives to leadership. The writers center around how leadership is a source of organizations problems. With in depth studies and interviews of professionals, managers, and subordinates the writers interpret their observations of others perspectives to question dominant leadership thinking. 

Net Smart by Howard Rheingold: Net Smart shows readers on how to use social media intelligently, humanely, and mindfully. To have a mindful use of digital media means to think about what we are doing and an inner question on how we want to spend our time. Rheingold wants to help others reach this mindset by outlining five fundamental digital literacies that are attention, participation, collaboration, critical consumption of information, and network smarts. As well as pointing out a bigger social issue at work in digital literacy. Rheingold believes if we all combine our individual efforts wisely will result in a more thoughtful society. 

Discourse Analysis: Discourse analysis is a research method for studying written or spoken language in relation to its social context. This analysis is used to examine and deconstruct the underlying meanings 'beyond the sentence'. It is a qualitative method of ways of constituting knowledges with social practices and forms of subjectivity to make relations between them.

Post by chloedegrauw » Tue Apr 26, 2022 11:08 pm

Relational Thinking: Relational thinking is the capacity to manipulate in our minds abstract mental representations of relations among objects, attributes, and events is central to human thinking and learning. Relational thinking allows you to have an understanding of knowing both what to do and why. Having relational understanding can allow you to learn new concepts easier, retain previous concepts, and are able to deviate formulas or rules given different problems easier because of the connections they have made. 

Critical-making: Critical-making is a process-oriented and scholarship-oriented that emphasizes the shared acts of making rather than the graphic object. It refers to the hands-on productive activities that link digital technology to society.

Conversation Analysis: Conversation analysis is an approach to the study of social interaction, embracing both verbal and non-verbal conduct, in situations of everyday life. Conversation analysis focuses on how sequences of action are generated. When conducting the analysis, analysts identify three elements of a conversation which is the speaking turn, the adjacency pair, and the sequential implicativeness. 

Cultural Communication: Cultural communication is the use of language and other communicative means to carry out the activities and commitments of their particular communities in and through the use of symbolic resources. Ways to approach cultural communication are social science, interpretive, critical, and dialectical. 

Cultural Capital: The French sociologist, Pierre Bourdieu, developed the idea of cultural capital as a way to explain how power in society was transferred and classes maintained. Cultural capital is the accumulation of knowledge, behaviors, and skills that a person can tap into to demonstrate one's cultural competence and social status. Cultural capital is having assets that give us social mobility to help achieve goals without necessarily having wealth or financial capital. It influences the ways in which individuals and groups define and access other forms of capital. In addition, it can be acquired through daily, mundane interactions with acquaintances and even strangers. 

Pierre Bourdieu: Pierre Bourdieu was a French sociologist and public intellectual who made significant contributions to general sociological theory. Bourdieu theorized the link between education and culture, and research into the intersections of taste, class, and education.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/27/2022 13:12:25
Subject: in-between space
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are doing well. Doing rituals while entering the mental space of 'thought-images' which are ephemeral and ethereal, semi-dreamlike. 

It is the space in-between.

When viewers can visualize your in-between space (please google), in their mind’s eye, you will have made a connection. 

By the event of this connection, in mental space, you create a history among your viewers that is full of future possibilities. 

Creating history as possibility. Please google Paulo Freire, a leading advocate of critical pedagogy (please google the term)..

It’s all in our heads, she said. 

You make a starting point; a connection: this is critical-making (please google), I replied.

Please see Chloe Degrauw’s reflections below.

Sanjiv

RITUAL, DOING, IN-BETWEEN, SPACE, VIEW, CONNECTION, POSSIBILITY, MAKE, PEDAGOGY

from the fishbowl...

chloedegrauw

Posts: 48

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 11:01 am

Post by chloedegrauw » Wed Apr 20, 2022 7:08 pm

Natural Language Generation: NLG is the use of artificial intelligence programming to produce written or spoken narratives from a data set. NLG can generate thousands of data-driven narratives in minutes using the right data in the right format. In addition, NLG is one of the fastest growing technologies being adopted into companies with cases commonly focused on the automation of time-intensive copywriting and reporting activities. NLG is very beneficial to companies in these fields because it provides high-quality content, increased content generation, conserving human energy for high-value activities, and being able to personalize at scale. NLG is known to become highly prevalent in the future as companies will be more dedicated to have technological advancements. 

Karl Weick and Sense Making: Karl Weick was an organizational theorist who introduced the concepts of loose coupling, mindfulness, and sense making into organizational studies. Weick defines sense making as "the ongoing retrospective development of plausible images that rationalize what people are doing". Sense making requires a focus on what people do, how they do it, and why they do it that way. This is important as others experiences can be interpreted in multiple ways.

Post by chloedegrauw » Tue Apr 26, 2022 8:17 pm

Empire by Hardt and Negri: Empire is a book written by Michael Hardt and Antonio Negri who were post-Marxist philosophers. The book tells a story of the Empire and the Multitude, the Empire is the form of sovereignty that exists under conditions of globalization. Hardt and Negri constitutes a new theory on the transition from modern to postmodern imperialism and ruling powers. 

EDULEARN22: EDULEARN is an international conference on education and new learning technologies taken place each summer. It is one of the largest conferences for lecturers, researchers, technologists, and professionals from the educational sector. In this conference, experts will get together to share their knowledge on teaching and learning methodologies and educational innovations. In addition, EDULEARN provides the opportunity for strategic international networking. 

Richard Rorty: Rorty was an American philosopher who had strong interests and training in the history of philosophy and in contemporary analytic philosophy. Rorty developed a distinctive and controversial brand of pragmatism that expressed itself along two main axes of modern philosophy and traditional problems with epistemology and metaphysics. Rorty's work consisted of the integration and apply milestone achievements of Dewey, Hegel, and Darwin in a pragmatist synthesis of historicism and naturalism. 

Gestalt Psychology and Phenomenology: Gestalt psychology is a movement in psychology founded in the early 20th century seeking to explain perceptions in terms of gestalts rather than by analyzing their constituents. Gestalt psychology suggests that structures have specific properties that are different from the sum of their individual parts. The Gestalt therapy have been known as the "therapy of the obvious" because phenomenology involves the process of discovering the obvious rather than relying on interpreting. 

Reflexive Methodology: New Vistas for Qualitative Research: This book was written by Mats Alvesson and Kaj Skoldberg. The writers associate techniques used in empirical research with different research traditions, giving a theoretically informed approach to qualitative research. In addition, the book involves questioning one's own taken for granted assumption and draws attention to the researcher as opposed to pretending they did not have an impact or influence. 

Reflexive Leadership: Organising in an Imperfect World: This book was written by Martin Blom, Mats Alvesson, and Stefan Sveningsson. In this book, the writers focus on an reflexive approach on leadership and discuss alternatives to leadership. The writers center around how leadership is a source of organizations problems. With in depth studies and interviews of professionals, managers, and subordinates the writers interpret their observations of others perspectives to question dominant leadership thinking. 

Net Smart by Howard Rheingold: Net Smart shows readers on how to use social media intelligently, humanely, and mindfully. To have a mindful use of digital media means to think about what we are doing and an inner question on how we want to spend our time. Rheingold wants to help others reach this mindset by outlining five fundamental digital literacies that are attention, participation, collaboration, critical consumption of information, and network smarts. As well as pointing out a bigger social issue at work in digital literacy. Rheingold believes if we all combine our individual efforts wisely will result in a more thoughtful society. 

Discourse Analysis: Discourse analysis is a research method for studying written or spoken language in relation to its social context. This analysis is used to examine and deconstruct the underlying meanings 'beyond the sentence'. It is a qualitative method of ways of constituting knowledges with social practices and forms of subjectivity to make relations between them.

Post by chloedegrauw » Tue Apr 26, 2022 11:08 pm

Relational Thinking: Relational thinking is the capacity to manipulate in our minds abstract mental representations of relations among objects, attributes, and events is central to human thinking and learning. Relational thinking allows you to have an understanding of knowing both what to do and why. Having relational understanding can allow you to learn new concepts easier, retain previous concepts, and are able to deviate formulas or rules given different problems easier because of the connections they have made. 

Critical-making: Critical-making is a process-oriented and scholarship-oriented that emphasizes the shared acts of making rather than the graphic object. It refers to the hands-on productive activities that link digital technology to society.

Conversation Analysis: Conversation analysis is an approach to the study of social interaction, embracing both verbal and non-verbal conduct, in situations of everyday life. Conversation analysis focuses on how sequences of action are generated. When conducting the analysis, analysts identify three elements of a conversation which is the speaking turn, the adjacency pair, and the sequential implicativeness. 

Cultural Communication: Cultural communication is the use of language and other communicative means to carry out the activities and commitments of their particular communities in and through the use of symbolic resources. Ways to approach cultural communication are social science, interpretive, critical, and dialectical. 

Cultural Capital: The French sociologist, Pierre Bourdieu, developed the idea of cultural capital as a way to explain how power in society was transferred and classes maintained. Cultural capital is the accumulation of knowledge, behaviors, and skills that a person can tap into to demonstrate one's cultural competence and social status. Cultural capital is having assets that give us social mobility to help achieve goals without necessarily having wealth or financial capital. It influences the ways in which individuals and groups define and access other forms of capital. In addition, it can be acquired through daily, mundane interactions with acquaintances and even strangers. 

Pierre Bourdieu: Pierre Bourdieu was a French sociologist and public intellectual who made significant contributions to general sociological theory. Bourdieu theorized the link between education and culture, and research into the intersections of taste, class, and education.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/18/2022 2:06:07
Subject: journey that interrogates and explores
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? 

The fishbowl takes us on a journey that interrogates and explores.

How so?

Every posting in the fishbowl is an “Event" whose occurrence (for instance, please see Daelynn Casavant’s fishbowl postings below) brings to light possibilities that were invisible or even unthinkable; they propose something to the viewer.

After that, every thing depends on how the possibility, opened up by the “event," is 'grasped, elaborated and embedded' in the world. 

Alain Badiou (please google) calls this the “truth procedure.”

The “event" by each of your postings creates a possibility, but there then has to be an effort---a group effort in the case of politics, an individual effort in the case of love or art--- for this possibility to become real and inscribed in the world. To that end, I wish to congratulate all of you receiving this letter. Our Abstract, which represents our knowing and knowledge content in the fishbowl, has been accepted. I will forward the acceptance letter and what possibilities this “event" opens for you. It is indeed, a feather in our caps! Running with the wolves! A star in our crowns!

Tomorrow, Monday I will be available for any questions or clarifications regarding your process in the fishbowl and your grade expectations; please stop by at any of the venues:

110 Bliss Hall at 10am

244 Chafee at 1pm and

104 Quinn Hall at 2.

Sanjiv

EVENT, CREATE, POSSIBILITY, EFFORT, GRASP, ELABORATE, EMBEDDED, INSCRIBE

from the fishbowl...

daelynncasavant

Posts: 33

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 9:36 am

Post by daelynncasavant » Sun Apr 17, 2022 11:44 am

Deep Thinking 

Essential Ingredient 

An essential ingredient is something that creates an experience or physical item. It can be either small or large yet its impact is critical to the overall result. 

How to deploy Attention 

Knowing how to Deploy Attention is an important skill in order to enhance relationships in life. Being able to listen and pay attention is an extremely important attribute to have. 

Know -How 

I interpret know-how as almost a way of possessing common sense. Knowing how to do something or being aware of what's around you without being told directly. 

Personal Empowerment 

Personal empowerment is being able to encourage yourself and embrace the best parts of yourself. This will help you succeed and achieve a sense of confidence and pride within yourself and your work. 

Right Know-how 

The Right Know-How is almost an extension of Know-How yet is being right about your instincts and your interpretation of the situation. 

Enhance 

The ability to enhance or something in which is enhanced is very important. It takes the best aspects of something and increases their impact. 

Add up to a public good 

This phrase is very important, it implies that simple aspects build up to create something of importance. 

Enriches 

To enrich something can mean to find a deeper meaning. Or to look for other connections to one aspect, to find the connections it has. Enrichment is a powerful tool and something that allows us to grow as humans and a society. 

Vocab 

Deploy:bring into effective action; utilize.

My Interpretation: When I hear this term it makes me think of the military phrase. However I also find this interpretation very interesting. 

Attention:notice taken of someone or something; the regarding of someone or something as interesting or important. 

My interpretation: I interpret this as the undivided focus of a subject or person 

Architecture:the art or practice of designing and constructing buildings

My interpretation: I interpret Architecture as the creation of stable structures often times revolutionary to their time. 

Participate :take part in an action or endeavor.

My interpretation: I interpret participate as the active engagement in an activity 

Know-How:practical knowledge or skill; expertise

My Interpretation: I interpret Know-How similarly to as i described above, another way of mentioning common sense. 

Empower:make (someone) stronger and more confident, especially in controlling their life and claiming their rights.

My interpretation: I interpret empower as a way to increase the capability of yourself or others. 

Enrich:improve or enhance the quality or value of. 

My interpretation: I interpret enrich as finding the deeper meaning behind something. 

Enhance:intensify, increase, or further improve the quality, value, or extent of.

My Interpretation: I interpret Enhance as the greater magnification of a topic or subject.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/18/2022 2:04:11
Subject: journey that interrogates and explores
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? 

The fishbowl takes us on a journey that interrogates and explores.

How so?

Every posting in the fishbowl is an “Event" whose occurrence (for instance, please see Daelynn Casavant’s fishbowl postings below) brings to light possibilities that were invisible or even unthinkable; they propose something to the viewer.

After that, every thing depends on how the possibility, opened up by the “event," is 'grasped, elaborated and embedded' in the world. 

Alain Badiou (please google) calls this the “truth procedure.”

The “event" by each of your postings creates a possibility, but there then has to be an effort---a group effort in the case of politics, an individual effort in the case of love or art--- for this possibility to become real and inscribed in the world. To that end, I wish to congratulate all of you receiving this letter. Our Abstract, which represents our knowing and knowledge content in the fishbowl, has been accepted. I will forward the acceptance letter and what possibilities this “event" opens for you. It is indeed, a feather in our caps! Running with the wolves! A star in our crowns!

Tomorrow, Monday I will be available for any questions or clarifications regarding your process in the fishbowl and your grade expectations; please stop by at any of the venues:

110 Bliss Hall at 10am

244 Chafee at 1pm and

104 Quinn Hall at 2.

Sanjiv

EVENT, CREATE, POSSIBILITY, EFFORT, GRASP, ELABORATE, EMBEDDED, INSCRIBE

from the fishbowl...

daelynncasavant

Posts: 33

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 9:36 am

Post by daelynncasavant » Sun Apr 17, 2022 11:44 am

Deep Thinking 

Essential Ingredient 

An essential ingredient is something that creates an experience or physical item. It can be either small or large yet its impact is critical to the overall result. 

How to deploy Attention 

Knowing how to Deploy Attention is an important skill in order to enhance relationships in life. Being able to listen and pay attention is an extremely important attribute to have. 

Know -How 

I interpret know-how as almost a way of possessing common sense. Knowing how to do something or being aware of what's around you without being told directly. 

Personal Empowerment 

Personal empowerment is being able to encourage yourself and embrace the best parts of yourself. This will help you succeed and achieve a sense of confidence and pride within yourself and your work. 

Right Know-how 

The Right Know-How is almost an extension of Know-How yet is being right about your instincts and your interpretation of the situation. 

Enhance 

The ability to enhance or something in which is enhanced is very important. It takes the best aspects of something and increases their impact. 

Add up to a public good 

This phrase is very important, it implies that simple aspects build up to create something of importance. 

Enriches 

To enrich something can mean to find a deeper meaning. Or to look for other connections to one aspect, to find the connections it has. Enrichment is a powerful tool and something that allows us to grow as humans and a society. 

Vocab 

Deploy:bring into effective action; utilize.

My Interpretation: When I hear this term it makes me think of the military phrase. However I also find this interpretation very interesting. 

Attention:notice taken of someone or something; the regarding of someone or something as interesting or important. 

My interpretation: I interpret this as the undivided focus of a subject or person 

Architecture:the art or practice of designing and constructing buildings

My interpretation: I interpret Architecture as the creation of stable structures often times revolutionary to their time. 

Participate :take part in an action or endeavor.

My interpretation: I interpret participate as the active engagement in an activity 

Know-How:practical knowledge or skill; expertise

My Interpretation: I interpret Know-How similarly to as i described above, another way of mentioning common sense. 

Empower:make (someone) stronger and more confident, especially in controlling their life and claiming their rights.

My interpretation: I interpret empower as a way to increase the capability of yourself or others. 

Enrich:improve or enhance the quality or value of. 

My interpretation: I interpret enrich as finding the deeper meaning behind something. 

Enhance:intensify, increase, or further improve the quality, value, or extent of.

My Interpretation: I interpret Enhance as the greater magnification of a topic or subject.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/15/2022 19:08:10
Subject: being a 'critically autonomous person'
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? 

What does it mean to lead an ethical life under vexed social and linguistic conditions that you experience in the fishbowl?

 

The fishbowl, upon completion, offers a provocative outline for a new ethical practice --- one responsive to the need for 'critical autonomy' (please see attached note) yet grounded in the ‘opacity' of the human subject. Please see Alex Miller’s posting below.

In which case, the central question in the fishbowl becomes one of ‘recognition’ and, the question is a direct one addressed to the other: 

“Who are you?”

You and I began our relation in digital space, i.e., the fishbowl, when you first addressed the question to the Course's Instructor, Professor Sanjiv Dugal: "who are you?"

Now, having been on a cerebral journey together in the fishbowl, we raise the question: who are you?

For me, your response to the question 'who are you’ is categorized collectively by yourselves as: A, A-, B+ and B.

It is basically three boxes that the majority of you represent: A, A- and B+ with a few outliers.

I hope my understanding alleviates any stress around the matter of grades.

Sanjiv

VEX, SOCIAL, LINGUISTIC, CONDITION, RECOGNITION, ETHICAL, PRACTICE, AUTONOMY, OPACITY

from the fishbowl...

Notes On Critical Autonomy...

The basic idea of critical autonomy (as I understand it) is that 

one holds oneself to consistent criteria for evaluation of traits, like 

credibility, accuracy, point of view, etc. 

Every man should have a built-in automatic crap detector operating inside him (Ernest Hemingway, 1965).

The basic features of most informational texts, like our postings in the fishbowl, is an understanding (or, when necessary, seeking understanding) of the “how and why” of the constructedness of our text, from the most personal/amateur (a YouTube video or an email from a friend, say) to the most professional (a Hollywood blockbuster or fashion magazine).

A “critically autonomous person” can either answer questions about a given thing or would also know what kinds of questions to ask about the thing. 

Tthe critically autonomous person watching Kinky Boots and Japanese Story understands the nuts and bolts of its construction, and the variety of context for its presentation, and ways of finding out more information (by exploring spaces like fishbowl postings) to TRIANGULATE the source. The critically autonomous person watching ‘film' knows something about film production and film financing, and knows something about genre, and knows something about values embedded in the representation of subjects on the screen.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

alexamiller

Posts: 88

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 4:13 pm

post by alexamiller » Wed Apr 13, 2022 4:22 pm

Step 1: 

Word Pool: 

Integrate: fused, assimilate, combine, intermix, join, blend, together, mesh, unite, coordinate

Network: associate, mingle, meet, interconnections, organization, similarity, community, connect, interchange

Structure: formation, makeup, layout, construct, build, assemble, organization, composition, order, arrangement

Symbols Definition: a thing that represents or stands for something else, especially a material object representing something abstract.

Images Definition: a representation of the external form of a person or thing in art.

Representations Definition: the description or portrayal of someone or something in a particular way or as being of a certain nature.

Step 2: 

My Sentence: 

- When mingling and associating with others, it is possible to gain insight as to what their community consists of; and what makes the people unite and blend together.

Step 3: 

When coming to college a lot of mingling and blending together with new groups of people occurred to me. I am from out of state, so coming to URI and Rhode Island in general was like diving into a whole new community of people. Even though I lived only a few hours away from URI, initially everyone and the community that was already built here was foreign to me. It was interesting to learn what was different about the communities and types of people up here, and what specific things caused them to come together and unite under one identity.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/15/2022 19:07:22
Subject: being a 'critically autonomous person'
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? 

What does it mean to lead an ethical life under vexed social and linguistic conditions that you experience in the fishbowl?

 

The fishbowl, upon completion, offers a provocative outline for a new ethical practice --- one responsive to the need for 'critical autonomy' (please see attached note) yet grounded in the ‘opacity' of the human subject. Please see Alex Miller’s posting below.

In which case, the central question in the fishbowl becomes one of ‘recognition’ and, the question is a direct one addressed to the other: 

“Who are you?”

You and I began our relation in digital space, i.e., the fishbowl, when you first addressed the question to the Course's Instructor, Professor Sanjiv Dugal: "who are you?"

Now, having been on a cerebral journey together in the fishbowl, we raise the question: who are you?

For me, your response to the question 'who are you’ is categorized collectively by yourselves as: A, A-, B+ and B.

It is basically three boxes that the majority of you represent: A, A- and B+ with a few outliers.

I hope my understanding alleviates any stress around the matter of grades.

Sanjiv

VEX, SOCIAL, LINGUISTIC, CONDITION, RECOGNITION, ETHICAL, PRACTICE, AUTONOMY, OPACITY

from the fishbowl...

Notes On Critical Autonomy...

The basic idea of critical autonomy (as I understand it) is that 

one holds oneself to consistent criteria for evaluation of traits, like 

credibility, accuracy, point of view, etc. 

Every man should have a built-in automatic crap detector operating inside him (Ernest Hemingway, 1965).

The basic features of most informational texts, like our postings in the fishbowl, is an understanding (or, when necessary, seeking understanding) of the “how and why” of the constructedness of our text, from the most personal/amateur (a YouTube video or an email from a friend, say) to the most professional (a Hollywood blockbuster or fashion magazine).

A “critically autonomous person” can either answer questions about a given thing or would also know what kinds of questions to ask about the thing. 

Tthe critically autonomous person watching Kinky Boots and Japanese Story understands the nuts and bolts of its construction, and the variety of context for its presentation, and ways of finding out more information (by exploring spaces like fishbowl postings) to TRIANGULATE the source. The critically autonomous person watching ‘film' knows something about film production and film financing, and knows something about genre, and knows something about values embedded in the representation of subjects on the screen.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

alexamiller

Posts: 88

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 4:13 pm

post by alexamiller » Wed Apr 13, 2022 4:22 pm

Step 1: 

Word Pool: 

Integrate: fused, assimilate, combine, intermix, join, blend, together, mesh, unite, coordinate

Network: associate, mingle, meet, interconnections, organization, similarity, community, connect, interchange

Structure: formation, makeup, layout, construct, build, assemble, organization, composition, order, arrangement

Symbols Definition: a thing that represents or stands for something else, especially a material object representing something abstract.

Images Definition: a representation of the external form of a person or thing in art.

Representations Definition: the description or portrayal of someone or something in a particular way or as being of a certain nature.

Step 2: 

My Sentence: 

- When mingling and associating with others, it is possible to gain insight as to what their community consists of; and what makes the people unite and blend together.

Step 3: 

When coming to college a lot of mingling and blending together with new groups of people occurred to me. I am from out of state, so coming to URI and Rhode Island in general was like diving into a whole new community of people. Even though I lived only a few hours away from URI, initially everyone and the community that was already built here was foreign to me. It was interesting to learn what was different about the communities and types of people up here, and what specific things caused them to come together and unite under one identity.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/13/2022 18:26:17
Subject: the how of what, and why
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? 

So how do I think what I think, and why.

As an example, I select a quote from Grant Fawcett’s text below: 

“The point is, in a space like this where we think for ourselves, I view the fishbowl as a force that release the manacles of perceived performative work.”

Another great sentence: “ You grab what words and sentences that resonate with you.” 

And you run with it.

I select the first quote because I think by reflecting upon it; taking each word deeper into its meaning; and, by re-writing it through a process of sort, sift and select; and, thereby clarifying my understanding of it, my expectation is that this process, with its promise, will evoke some good insights for functioning in a digital society.

If you had a lot of money riding on this, you would look up the meaning of each word: space, think, view, force, release, manacles, perceive, 'performative-work' (please google). 

You would sort, sift and select, like at a drawing board, and construct a structure of words (sentence), which creates a space for generating insights in the viewers mind.

This constructed structure, this sentence, has a form which follows the idea of the word(s) listed from Fawcett’s quote.

Please google Maxine Naylor and Ralph Ball, “Form Follows Idea, An Introduction to Design Poetics". The form of your constructed sentence follows the idea of Fawcett’s structure.

So this is how I think what I think and why. It is the how of the what, and why.

Sanjiv

CONSTRUCT, FORM, STRUCTURE, MANACLES, FORCE, RELEASE, PERCEIVE, PERFORMATIVE, WORK

from the fishbowl...

grantfawcett

Posts: 66

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 12:51 am

Post by grantfawcett » Tue Apr 12, 2022 11:50 am

When Sanjiv asked for fishbowl citizens to "Please reflect upon the extent your activities in the fishbowl characterize the work of a performing artist," I mentally jumped for joy. I do enjoy sharing and reacting to thoughts in this digital universe. It is a space or sort of a vessel where there is no gravity. There is nothing weighing you down. There are no standard that push you back to the ground. You have freedom to float and create your own landscape. You are in control of all of your elements. You grab what words and sentences resonate with you.

In this way, I do not feel like a performing artist. I am not a street performer that seeks to get a dollar by impressing passersby. I play my guitar for myself. I don't care if other people think it is out of tune because I am creating my own music. And as that music is made, there is not telling me that I am not making a grammy-award winning rock album.

This has been one giant analogy. The point is, in a space like this where we think for ourselves, I view the fishbowl as a force that release the manacles of perceived performative work.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/13/2022 18:25:27
Subject: the how of what, and why
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? 

So how do I think what I think, and why.

As an example, I select a quote from Grant Fawcett’s text below: 

“The point is, in a space like this where we think for ourselves, I view the fishbowl as a force that release the manacles of perceived performative work.”

Another great sentence: “ You grab what words and sentences that resonate with you.” 

And you run with it.

I select the first quote because I think by reflecting upon it; taking each word deeper into its meaning; and, by re-writing it through a process of sort, sift and select; and, thereby clarifying my understanding of it, my expectation is that this process, with its promise, will evoke some good insights for functioning in a digital society.

If you had a lot of money riding on this, you would look up the meaning of each word: space, think, view, force, release, manacles, perceive, 'performative-work' (please google). 

You would sort, sift and select, like at a drawing board, and construct a structure of words (sentence), which creates a space for generating insights in the viewers mind.

This constructed structure, this sentence, has a form which follows the idea of the word(s) listed from Fawcett’s quote.

Please google Maxine Naylor and Ralph Ball, “Form Follows Idea, An Introduction to Design Poetics". The form of your constructed sentence follows the idea of Fawcett’s structure.

So this is how I think what I think and why. It is the how of the what, and why.

Sanjiv

CONSTRUCT, FORM, STRUCTURE, MANACLES, FORCE, RELEASE, PERCEIVE, PERFORMATIVE, WORK

from the fishbowl...

grantfawcett

Posts: 66

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 12:51 am

Post by grantfawcett » Tue Apr 12, 2022 11:50 am

When Sanjiv asked for fishbowl citizens to "Please reflect upon the extent your activities in the fishbowl characterize the work of a performing artist," I mentally jumped for joy. I do enjoy sharing and reacting to thoughts in this digital universe. It is a space or sort of a vessel where there is no gravity. There is nothing weighing you down. There are no standard that push you back to the ground. You have freedom to float and create your own landscape. You are in control of all of your elements. You grab what words and sentences resonate with you.

In this way, I do not feel like a performing artist. I am not a street performer that seeks to get a dollar by impressing passersby. I play my guitar for myself. I don't care if other people think it is out of tune because I am creating my own music. And as that music is made, there is not telling me that I am not making a grammy-award winning rock album.

This has been one giant analogy. The point is, in a space like this where we think for ourselves, I view the fishbowl as a force that release the manacles of perceived performative work.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/12/2022 14:21:59
Subject: the fishbowl is a thought and an idea
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Our postings, like etchings in a cave, and like Jackson Pollock’s Action Painting (please see video below), all stitched together, can be seen as a ‘product' that is an intangible, and it has a beginning and an end. The fishbowl is a ‘thought' and an ’idea' which we have experienced together in the context of a digital culture (please google). Please read Rowan Coleman’s posting below.

Our method in the fishbowl is known as self-reflexivity (please google), and we are participant-observers (please google) to each other in an imaginary mental space known as the fishbowl. We manifest in the materiality of text in the fishbowl. Our text shows how to think about what it means to look and see, when navigating the complexities of a digital culture. 

It is about how we think what we think and why. 

Exercise: 

I’d like you to consider the following two films (text and images) as metaphors, symbols and word-images:

Megacities: Parag Khanna Ted Talk,

Documentary on Jackson Pollock’s drip method 

Please select sentences after due consideration from the above viewing, and use those terms as metaphors, symbols and word-images for describing your experience in the fishbowl. When you do that, you will be addressing 'how you think what you think and why.'

A quote from John Perry Barlow (please google):

“All the goods of the information age---all of the expressions once contained in books or film strips or records or newsletters---will exist either as pure thought or something very much like thought: voltage conditions darting around the Net at the speed of light, in conditions that one might behold in effect, as glowing pixels or transmitted sounds, but never touch or claim to “own” in the old sense fo the world.” 

Sanjiv

MANIFEST, MATERIALITY, TEXT, NAVIGATE, COMPLEXITY, VISUAL, SYMBOL, METAPHOR, IMAGE, WORD, INTANGIBLE, PRODUCT

ATT/

1. MEGACITIES TED TALK

https://www.ted.com/talks/parag_khanna_how_megacities_are_changing_the_map_of_the_world?language=en

POLLOCK: ACTION PAINTING

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzXvl1wyqmk

from the fishbowl...

rowancoleman

Posts: 88

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 2:13 pm

post by rowancoleman » Mon Apr 11, 2022 11:42 pm

Google Search: Howard Rheingold

Howard Rheingold is an American critic, writer, and teacher, known for his specialties on the cultural, social and political implications of modern communication media such as the Internet, mobile telephony and virtual communities. In 1998, he created his next virtual community, Brainstorms, a private successful web conferencing community for knowledgeable, intellectual, civil, and future-thinking adults from all over the world. In 2002, Rheingold published Smart Mobs, exploring the potential for technology to augment collective intelligence. Shortly thereafter, in conjunction with the Institute for the Future, Rheingold launched an effort to develop a broad-based literacy of cooperation. and in 2008, Rheingold became the first research fellow at the Institute for the Future, with which he had long been affiliated. 

My take: Rheingold seems to enjoy looking at the possibilities of the internet and the digital communities one can form within, " Instead of confining my exploration to whether or not Google is making us stupid, Facebook is commoditizing our privacy, or Twitter is chopping our attention into microslides (all good questions), I've been asking myself and others how to use social media intelligently, humanely, and above all mindfully." (https://rheingold.com/). However, I myself am of the personal belief that the internet and social media can never be used humanely. Mindfully, yes, intelligently, yes; but never humanely. Granted, this may be me sticking to the one word and being overly critical, I haven't studied these communities for years so why should I have a say? Admittedly, this is all true, however I have in fact lived in these communities my entire childhood "chronically online" as some refer to us. I have seen the positive side, the friends I've made solely through the internet, the books I've read, or hobbies I've picked up. But, I have also seen much of the bad, the child grooming, the porn addiction, the manipulative advertising that feeds on any insecurity it can lay its eyes on. So, I may have to read Rheingolds book, see if he can change my perception on this.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/12/2022 14:20:33
Subject: the fishbowl is a thought and an idea
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Our postings, like etchings in a cave, and like Jackson Pollock’s Action Painting (please see video below), all stitched together, can be seen as a ‘product' that is an intangible, and it has a beginning and an end. The fishbowl is a ‘thought' and an ’idea' which we have experienced together in the context of a digital culture (please google). Please read Rowan Coleman’s posting below.

Our method in the fishbowl is known as self-reflexivity (please google), and we are participant-observers (please google) to each other in an imaginary mental space known as the fishbowl. We manifest in the materiality of text in the fishbowl. Our text shows how to think about what it means to look and see, when navigating the complexities of a digital culture. 

It is about how we think what we think and why. 

Exercise: 

I’d like you to consider the following two films (text and images) as metaphors, symbols and word-images:

Megacities: Parag Khanna Ted Talk,

Documentary on Jackson Pollock’s drip method 

Please select sentences after due consideration from the above viewing, and use those terms as metaphors, symbols and word-images for describing your experience in the fishbowl. When you do that, you will be addressing 'how you think what you think and why.'

A quote from John Perry Barlow (please google):

“All the goods of the information age---all of the expressions once contained in books or film strips or records or newsletters---will exist either as pure thought or something very much like thought: voltage conditions darting around the Net at the speed of light, in conditions that one might behold in effect, as glowing pixels or transmitted sounds, but never touch or claim to “own” in the old sense fo the world.” 

Sanjiv

MANIFEST, MATERIALITY, TEXT, NAVIGATE, COMPLEXITY, VISUAL, SYMBOL, METAPHOR, IMAGE, WORD, INTANGIBLE, PRODUCT

ATT/

1. MEGACITIES TED TALK

https://www.ted.com/talks/parag_khanna_how_megacities_are_changing_the_map_of_the_world?language=en

POLLOCK: ACTION PAINTING

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzXvl1wyqmk

from the fishbowl...

rowancoleman

Posts: 88

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 2:13 pm

post by rowancoleman » Mon Apr 11, 2022 11:42 pm

Google Search: Howard Rheingold

Howard Rheingold is an American critic, writer, and teacher, known for his specialties on the cultural, social and political implications of modern communication media such as the Internet, mobile telephony and virtual communities. In 1998, he created his next virtual community, Brainstorms, a private successful web conferencing community for knowledgeable, intellectual, civil, and future-thinking adults from all over the world. In 2002, Rheingold published Smart Mobs, exploring the potential for technology to augment collective intelligence. Shortly thereafter, in conjunction with the Institute for the Future, Rheingold launched an effort to develop a broad-based literacy of cooperation. and in 2008, Rheingold became the first research fellow at the Institute for the Future, with which he had long been affiliated. 

My take: Rheingold seems to enjoy looking at the possibilities of the internet and the digital communities one can form within, " Instead of confining my exploration to whether or not Google is making us stupid, Facebook is commoditizing our privacy, or Twitter is chopping our attention into microslides (all good questions), I've been asking myself and others how to use social media intelligently, humanely, and above all mindfully." (https://rheingold.com/). However, I myself am of the personal belief that the internet and social media can never be used humanely. Mindfully, yes, intelligently, yes; but never humanely. Granted, this may be me sticking to the one word and being overly critical, I haven't studied these communities for years so why should I have a say? Admittedly, this is all true, however I have in fact lived in these communities my entire childhood "chronically online" as some refer to us. I have seen the positive side, the friends I've made solely through the internet, the books I've read, or hobbies I've picked up. But, I have also seen much of the bad, the child grooming, the porn addiction, the manipulative advertising that feeds on any insecurity it can lay its eyes on. So, I may have to read Rheingolds book, see if he can change my perception on this.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/11/2022 1:17:49
Subject: why sentences?
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are doing well. Tomorrow Monday I will be in class. If you have anything to ask or share or need clarification, tomorrow is a good day to come to class. At this point in the semester, you must be clear about what is expected until the end of the semester, and the grade you expect to receive. If you’re not, then it will be beneficial to go over it in real time.

How To Write a Sentence, And How To Read One is the title of a book by Stanley Fish (please google).

Some people are bird watchers, others follow celebrities; still others are whale watchers and also flora and fauna. Stanley Fish belongs the tribe of sentence watchers.

Appreciating fine sentences and looking out for them, because they can take your breath away and you go, “Phew, isn’t that something?” 

In the fishbowl, you are wordsmiths crafting sentences. Constructing a structure of words by going deeper into their meaning. 

Your restructured sentence creates a space for felt-experiences to be reflected upon.

How so?

Piling up words, one after the other, won’t do much of anything until something else has been added. That something is named quite precisely by Anthony Burgess in this sentence from his novel Enderby Outside (1968):

And the words slide into the slots ordained by syntax, and glitter as with atmospheric dust with those impurities which we call meaning.

The words you elect are subjects or objects or actions or descriptives or indications of manner, and as such they combine into a statement about the world, that is, into a meaning that one can contemplate, admire, reject, or refine.

Before the words slide into their slots, they are just discrete items, pointing every where and nowhere. Once the words are nestled in the places “ordained” for them, they are tied by ligatures of relationships to one another. 

Sanjiv

SYNTAX, LIGATURE, ORDAIN

from the fishbowl...

grantfawcett

Posts: 62

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 12:51 am

Post by grantfawcett » Mon Feb 28, 2022 3:09 pm

Interacting with words and sentences in the fishbowl lets us interact with units of value that can be spent in the knowledge economy. This is a budgetary decision. We are meaning making with the value we have obtained. The catch in this economy? Adding more words and concepts, the pillars of this economy, does not lead to inflation. Because of this, we are at an advantage. The fishbowl is a unique network and snapshot of society. We create culture in our meaning-making and taking and making of notes. By embracing reflexivity and recreating our learning habitat as something not bound by authority and roles in learning, the flow of information is free and uninhibited. This lack of obstruction strengthens ability to learn and positively benefits us as we assess our capacity for shaping culture and promoting interaction in business and RELATIONS.

Post by grantfawcett » Sun Mar 20, 2022 10:13 pm

Codify - Kaleidoscope

Together we codify our kaleidoscope of understanding.

Throughout our lives we communally make sense of our surroundings. These experiences are learned in every which way and inform us of how the world functions and what people go through every day. We all breath and live in a tornado of emotion and interaction and accomplishment.

Last edited by grantfawcett on Sun Mar 20, 2022 10:21 pm, edited 1 time in total.

Post by grantfawcett » Sun Mar 20, 2022 10:19 pm

Manifests - Craving

The cravings we seek to satiate ourselves spill over into the future we manifest.

When anyone writes down a goal they manifest success for themselves and put their craving into a physical object. I have experience with this process of dreaming and REALIZATION. It is a long and arduous process. But when goals are accomplished over time and with patience, the feeling is the sweetest.

Post by grantfawcett » Sun Mar 20, 2022 10:25 pm

Multi-dimensional - Action

The actions we carry out on a daily basis are rooted in multi-dimensional motivations. 

Why do we do the things we do? Why am I motivated to be introspective and think about my thinking? Because it helps me cultivate my sense of self and answer the How so question when I do things each and every day. Why am I doing this? How does this further my human experience and help me to learn?

I posed a lot of questions just then. That was intentional. Life is about asking questions and examining the multi-dimensional nature of why we do the thing we do.

Post by grantfawcett » Mon Mar 21, 2022 8:20 am

In the fishbowl we are architects. We construct a foundation with our words to build skyscraper in the form of sentences. These sentences form the community of the fishbowl. In this way we are establishing a village of learning. Art within our community happens to be the original knowledge content we produce and put out to be interacted with. Interpreting each others thoughts an acknowledging the singular nature of the sentences we create promotes reflection. 

I want to REMIND us what sanjiv said in an earlier letter: "Transparency and sharing your trajectory of thoughts has become a key skill for leadership and management." Establishing this culture in business and with people you work with and around will pay dividends when trying to coexist and conduct business simultaneously. Sanjiv elaborated, "Fear of getting it wrong and not getting it right is an inhibiting factor. Drop the fear. Wasted emotion in a learning environment. Sincerity and integrity and focus are of value." In this knowledge economy, the rich can get richer. There are no poor. We are all affluent together. Wealthy in the form of reflection and learning.

Post by grantfawcett » Tue Mar 29, 2022 8:04 pm

"Culture is the collective programming of the mind which distinguishes the members of one human group from another.”

This definition of culture is textually beautiful and is the fruit of the the tree that is the fishbowl. Culture is something that we interact with every day. We encounter cultures that are not our own and unite with others based on shared cultural values and beliefs. Imagining the amount of unexplored culture out there is simultaneously mind-bending and motivating. As we toss around words and form sentences in this digital universe, it is crucial to remember that pedagogical device that the fishbowl forms also is a mechanism for informing us of vital information about how society is structured around the world.

post by grantfawcett » Sun Apr 10, 2022 6:01 pm

Upon reading my sentence deconstruction for sentences gathered from Japanese Story, I am eager to record a felt experience that demonstrates the amount of resonation that occurred while viewing this film. I must also remark about the acting prowess of Toni Collette. She masterfully played a culturally incompetent host who became someone drawn and more respectful of Japanese culture. Hats off to her.

Now for my felt experience. It also has a tie to Asian culture. When I was a sophomore in high school, I was a wise fool (meaning of sophomore in Latin). But seriously, I knew a lot, but thought I knew more than I did. I took on the privilege and opportunity of hosting a Chinese exchange student as soon as I could. I thought it would be like just having another sibling in my house. It turned out to be a 2 month experiment where I interacted and got accustomed to socializing with an individual who lived a totally different life with disparate routines and values. It was a dive into what life was like across the pond in China. At first I was annoyed by the disagreements Jack (my exchange student's English name) and I would have. They seemed to happen quite often. I soon realized that we actually shared many values, we just expressed them different while interacting due to our cultural differences and understanding of social norms. One principal example of this would be my propensity to tell him if I didn't care for something or preferred something. He would remain quiet and let the circumstance be as it happened. I wished that he would speak up more. Over time, I began to understand that I needed to pay more attention to his cultural values to make sure I wasn't disrespecting him without knowing I was doing so.

This experience enhanced my thirst for cultural learning opportunities. Now I invest in experience, for this is the ticket to grasping the full picture of how beautifully diverse and expansive the world is and how wonderfully complicated and interesting people are.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/11/2022 1:17:17
Subject: why sentences?
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are doing well. Tomorrow Monday I will be in class. If you have anything to ask or share or need clarification, tomorrow is a good day to come to class. At this point in the semester, you must be clear about what is expected until the end of the semester, and the grade you expect to receive. If you’re not, then it will be beneficial to go over it in real time.

How To Write a Sentence, And How To Read One is the title of a book by Stanley Fish (please google).

Some people are bird watchers, others follow celebrities; still others are whale watchers and also flora and fauna. Stanley Fish belongs the tribe of sentence watchers.

Appreciating fine sentences and looking out for them, because they can take your breath away and you go, “Phew, isn’t that something?” 

In the fishbowl, you are wordsmiths crafting sentences. Constructing a structure of words by going deeper into their meaning. 

Your restructured sentence creates a space for felt-experiences to be reflected upon.

How so?

Piling up words, one after the other, won’t do much of anything until something else has been added. That something is named quite precisely by Anthony Burgess in this sentence from his novel Enderby Outside (1968):

And the words slide into the slots ordained by syntax, and glitter as with atmospheric dust with those impurities which we call meaning.

The words you elect are subjects or objects or actions or descriptives or indications of manner, and as such they combine into a statement about the world, that is, into a meaning that one can contemplate, admire, reject, or refine.

Before the words slide into their slots, they are just discrete items, pointing every where and nowhere. Once the words are nestled in the places “ordained” for them, they are tied by ligatures of relationships to one another. 

Sanjiv

SYNTAX, LIGATURE, ORDAIN

from the fishbowl...

grantfawcett

Posts: 62

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 12:51 am

Post by grantfawcett » Mon Feb 28, 2022 3:09 pm

Interacting with words and sentences in the fishbowl lets us interact with units of value that can be spent in the knowledge economy. This is a budgetary decision. We are meaning making with the value we have obtained. The catch in this economy? Adding more words and concepts, the pillars of this economy, does not lead to inflation. Because of this, we are at an advantage. The fishbowl is a unique network and snapshot of society. We create culture in our meaning-making and taking and making of notes. By embracing reflexivity and recreating our learning habitat as something not bound by authority and roles in learning, the flow of information is free and uninhibited. This lack of obstruction strengthens ability to learn and positively benefits us as we assess our capacity for shaping culture and promoting interaction in business and RELATIONS.

Post by grantfawcett » Sun Mar 20, 2022 10:13 pm

Codify - Kaleidoscope

Together we codify our kaleidoscope of understanding.

Throughout our lives we communally make sense of our surroundings. These experiences are learned in every which way and inform us of how the world functions and what people go through every day. We all breath and live in a tornado of emotion and interaction and accomplishment.

Last edited by grantfawcett on Sun Mar 20, 2022 10:21 pm, edited 1 time in total.

Post by grantfawcett » Sun Mar 20, 2022 10:19 pm

Manifests - Craving

The cravings we seek to satiate ourselves spill over into the future we manifest.

When anyone writes down a goal they manifest success for themselves and put their craving into a physical object. I have experience with this process of dreaming and REALIZATION. It is a long and arduous process. But when goals are accomplished over time and with patience, the feeling is the sweetest.

Post by grantfawcett » Sun Mar 20, 2022 10:25 pm

Multi-dimensional - Action

The actions we carry out on a daily basis are rooted in multi-dimensional motivations. 

Why do we do the things we do? Why am I motivated to be introspective and think about my thinking? Because it helps me cultivate my sense of self and answer the How so question when I do things each and every day. Why am I doing this? How does this further my human experience and help me to learn?

I posed a lot of questions just then. That was intentional. Life is about asking questions and examining the multi-dimensional nature of why we do the thing we do.

Post by grantfawcett » Mon Mar 21, 2022 8:20 am

In the fishbowl we are architects. We construct a foundation with our words to build skyscraper in the form of sentences. These sentences form the community of the fishbowl. In this way we are establishing a village of learning. Art within our community happens to be the original knowledge content we produce and put out to be interacted with. Interpreting each others thoughts an acknowledging the singular nature of the sentences we create promotes reflection. 

I want to REMIND us what sanjiv said in an earlier letter: "Transparency and sharing your trajectory of thoughts has become a key skill for leadership and management." Establishing this culture in business and with people you work with and around will pay dividends when trying to coexist and conduct business simultaneously. Sanjiv elaborated, "Fear of getting it wrong and not getting it right is an inhibiting factor. Drop the fear. Wasted emotion in a learning environment. Sincerity and integrity and focus are of value." In this knowledge economy, the rich can get richer. There are no poor. We are all affluent together. Wealthy in the form of reflection and learning.

Post by grantfawcett » Tue Mar 29, 2022 8:04 pm

"Culture is the collective programming of the mind which distinguishes the members of one human group from another.”

This definition of culture is textually beautiful and is the fruit of the the tree that is the fishbowl. Culture is something that we interact with every day. We encounter cultures that are not our own and unite with others based on shared cultural values and beliefs. Imagining the amount of unexplored culture out there is simultaneously mind-bending and motivating. As we toss around words and form sentences in this digital universe, it is crucial to remember that pedagogical device that the fishbowl forms also is a mechanism for informing us of vital information about how society is structured around the world.

post by grantfawcett » Sun Apr 10, 2022 6:01 pm

Upon reading my sentence deconstruction for sentences gathered from Japanese Story, I am eager to record a felt experience that demonstrates the amount of resonation that occurred while viewing this film. I must also remark about the acting prowess of Toni Collette. She masterfully played a culturally incompetent host who became someone drawn and more respectful of Japanese culture. Hats off to her.

Now for my felt experience. It also has a tie to Asian culture. When I was a sophomore in high school, I was a wise fool (meaning of sophomore in Latin). But seriously, I knew a lot, but thought I knew more than I did. I took on the privilege and opportunity of hosting a Chinese exchange student as soon as I could. I thought it would be like just having another sibling in my house. It turned out to be a 2 month experiment where I interacted and got accustomed to socializing with an individual who lived a totally different life with disparate routines and values. It was a dive into what life was like across the pond in China. At first I was annoyed by the disagreements Jack (my exchange student's English name) and I would have. They seemed to happen quite often. I soon realized that we actually shared many values, we just expressed them different while interacting due to our cultural differences and understanding of social norms. One principal example of this would be my propensity to tell him if I didn't care for something or preferred something. He would remain quiet and let the circumstance be as it happened. I wished that he would speak up more. Over time, I began to understand that I needed to pay more attention to his cultural values to make sure I wasn't disrespecting him without knowing I was doing so.

This experience enhanced my thirst for cultural learning opportunities. Now I invest in experience, for this is the ticket to grasping the full picture of how beautifully diverse and expansive the world is and how wonderfully complicated and interesting people are.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/10/2022 0:32:03
Subject: how to deploy attention
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you?

Please see Michael Bergantine’s knowledge creation and knowing, and how he deploys attention in the fishbowl.

How to make use of digital environments, like the fishbowl, without being overloaded with too much information is, like it or not, an essential ingredient to personal success in the twenty-first century. 

Learning how to deploy attention in relation to an overloaded availability of information is key today for success in education, business and social life.

According to Howard Rheingold (please google) those who understand the fundamentals of digital participation, online collaboration, informational credibility testing (through online search engines) and network awareness will be able to exert more control over their own fates than those who lack this know-how.

I see a bigger social issue at work with the fishbowl, in addition to personal empowerment: if we combine our individual efforts wisely, enough of the right know-how could add up to a more thoughtful society as well as enhance those of us who master networking skills.

It is the "architecture of participation” that enables countless small acts of self-interest like your postings or sharing a link to add up to a public good that enriches everybody.

Sanjiv

DEPLOY, ATTENTION, ARCHITECTURE, PARTICIPATE, KNOW-HOW, EMPOWER, ENRICH, ENHANCE

from the fishbowl...

michaelbergantine

Posts: 117

Joined: Tue Sep 14, 2021 10:33 am

Post by michaelbergantine » Sun Jan 30, 2022 9:10 pm

To think deeply means to go beyond what you think you know. It means to let go of preconceived ideas in order to discover the truth. By cultivating the skill of deep thinking, we can gain freedom of thought. The deeper your thinking becomes, the more focused and meaningful your actions will be.

Post by michaelbergantine » Mon Feb 07, 2022 3:14 pm

(About not being confused)

"It is a knowledge economy that you are becoming a part of."

KNOWLEDGE: facts, information, and skills acquired by a person through experience or education; the theoretical or practical understanding of a subject.

BECOMING: the process of coming to be something or of passing into a state.

From the time we are born we, in a sense, begin our journey of learning in a knowledge economy. I feel it's a repetitive process we experience over and over throughout our lives. Over the past 3 years in college I have cultivated a metamorphosis transforming from a Freshman with little experience to a Junior where I have gained confidence and skills through education. This growth is something that is going to continue in a repetitive cycle in life. I look forward to becoming a "Freshman" at an entry level management position and acquiring more expertise to eventually become a "Senior" leader in the business world.

Post by michaelbergantine » Tue Feb 08, 2022 9:38 am

(About Deconstruction)

"Deconstruction is a way of understanding how something was created, usually things like art, books, poems and other writing, like the sentences you are posting in the fishbowl."

UNDERSTANDING: The knowledge and ability to judge a particular situation or subject He has a thorough/full understanding of the subject.

DECONSTRUCTION: The term deconstruction refers to approaches to understanding the relationship between text and meaning.

When you look at different cultures and societies a word or symbol may look or sound the same, but the meaning could be completely different. In the United States if someone were to say "wagon" the image that would come to mind is a red object with wheels that you pull around. That same word in Ireland is used to describe an unpleasant woman. Another more powerful example would be the word "kiss." In the U.S., we view it as a form of affection, but in Sweden it is used to say you have to pee. Our views and interpretations are shaped by our culture and forms our societal interpretations of the art and literature we observe. In France nudity is celebrated, but is distasteful in our culture. By taking the time to identify the multiple meanings and the context of which it was built we can develop an understanding the way the original author or artist intended us to see.

Post by michaelbergantine » Sat Feb 12, 2022 11:21 am

(The Challenge of Learning)

"This requires meditation and contemplation and turning down noise and all distractions."

CONTEMPLATION: The action of looking thoughtfully at something for a long time; deep reflective thought.

DISTRACTIONS: A thing that prevents someone from giving full attention to something else; extreme agitation of the mind or emotions.

As I sift and sort through my growth and learning in the fishbowl I have to develop my strategy to succeed. It requires my careful attention, first observing and visualizing the thoughts that come to me while reading the letters. It is easy to become overwhelmed, but by breaking it down into small pieces I find it does not complicate my focus. As images form in my mind I attempt to zero in on what was most important to me. From there I can develop my personal meaning and interpretations of the text.

Post by michaelbergantine » Mon Feb 14, 2022 7:42 am

(several aspects of your learning in the fishbowl)

"At the same time, we are dissecting text by evoking the past to re-create meaning for ourselves going forward."

DISSECTING: Analyze (something) in minute detail.

EVOKING: Bring or recall to the conscious mind.

We are attempting to examine and analyze our letters to elicit new thoughts and ideas on old ways of practice. They say that doing the same thing over and over again, expecting a different result, is the definition of insanity. We can apply our method in the fishbowl to our lives. We will encounter issues others have faced before us in business or society. It is essential to creatively brainstorm new solutions rather than just repeating past practices. It is the only way to bring about effective change.

Post by michaelbergantine » Thu Feb 17, 2022 1:01 pm

(Being Mindful and Being Reflective in the Fishbowl)

"By being mindful on the other hand, we are able to press the Pause button between the stimulus and response."

PAUSE: A temporary stop in action or speech.

STIMULUS: A thing that rouses activity or energy in someone or something; a spur or incentive.

RESPONSE: A reaction to something.

Life comes at us fast, and sometimes we need to stop and take in our surroundings. We all have immediate reactions to things that happen in life. Some of those are positive, and some are negative. In our relationships, at work or school, taking the extra second to pause and think before we react could prevent a situation from becoming more than it needed to be. Being conscious and focusing on. one thing at a time will also remove some of the stress in a situation, making our reactions come from a place of rational thought.

Post by michaelbergantine » Mon Feb 28, 2022 4:45 pm

(tips for creating and constructing structures)

"In fact it is most profound when you touch on the mundane and banal."

MUNDANE: Lacking interest or excitement; dull.

Synonyms: banal, everyday, humdrum, normal, prosaic, commonplace, earthly, lowly, routine, workday, worldly

BANAL: So lacking in originality as to be obvious and boring.

Synonyms: bland, corny, dumb, hackneyed, mundane, stupid, trite, vapid

PROFOUND: penetrating or entering deeply into subjects of thought or knowledge; having deep insight or understanding:

Synonyms: deep, intelligent, philosophical, serious, subtle, thorough, weighty

REFLECTION: In fact it is most philosophical when you touch on the commonplace and bland. Isn't most of life just this? The everyday, commonplace and bland that we encounter at work or school? It is up to us to extract what is abstract and deeper than what is merely visible on the surface.

Post by michaelbergantine » Tue Mar 15, 2022 3:56 pm

(Feedback Again)

"Fear of getting it wrong and not getting it right is an inhibiting factor. Drop the fear. Wasted emotion in a learning environment."

INHIBITING: Hinder, restrain, or prevent (an action or process).

WASTED: use or expend carelessly, extravagantly, or to no purpose.

I can remember many times growing up where I held back from trying something new because of fear. I now try to think of FEAR as False Evidence Appearing Real. I eventually learned that often times my worries were unfounded, and I was not as bad as I had expected myself to be. Fear can be what prevents us from raising our hand in class. "What if I have the wrong answer?" Fear can hold us back from sharing a new idea at work. "What if my boss hates it, and I get fired?" It can also affect our personal life and sports. "What if they laugh at me?" Rather than allowing my angst to ruin an opportunity to grow, I've learned to shut those negative voices down and take a chance. It is almost always for the better.

Post by michaelbergantine » Tue Mar 15, 2022 5:08 pm

(the doing of the exercise)

"Reality is based on perception; so regardless of any situation, if we are aware things, we can achieve any reality."

PERCEPTION: the state of being or process of becoming aware of something through the senses.

REALITY: the world or the state of things as they actually exist, as opposed to an idealistic or notional idea of them.

Our perception of our fishbowl world and felt experiences are individually shaped by our characteristics and culture. We are all sharing the fishbowl experience; however, each has our sapience which shapes our thoughts. We are all correct in our interpretations and reflections; although different, they are still the reality of the same event.

Post by michaelbergantine » Sat Apr 09, 2022 8:02 am

(On the matter of performance)

Performers need the presence of others: their ephemeral performance only exists if it is seen or heard, and therefore only when there is a “public.”

PUBLIC: done, perceived, or existing in open view; open to or shared by all the people of an area or country.

PERFORMERS: a person who entertains an audience.

EPHEMERAL: lasting for a very short time; (chiefly of plants) having a very short life cycle.

We are all the cast and crew of the fishbowl joining together in an ensemble to create our event. If we were alone, our experience would not create value since the essence of our shared interpretations generates our new context. We may be together for a brief and fleeting moment in our history, but our etchings will remain, leaving us an impression of knowledge far beyond this momentary event.

Post by michaelbergantine » Sat Apr 09, 2022 5:40 pm

(Technologies of lived abstraction)

"It is known as the technology of lived abstraction."

TECHNOLOGY: the application of scientific knowledge for practical purposes, especially in industry.

LIVED: supply oneself with the means of subsistence; survive in someone's mind; be remembered.

ABSTRACTION: the quality of dealing with ideas rather than events; freedom from representational qualities in art.

“What moves as a body, returns as the movement of thought.” Of subjectivity (in its nascent state) Of the social (in its mutant state) Of the environment (at the point it can be reinvented) “A process set up anywhere reverberates everywhere.” 

I find I must deviate from the acceptable social norms of education society to be able to understand the interpretations of lived abstraction. During the majority of our lives in school, we are merely taught to regurgitate the thoughts and actions of others. If none of us deviated from this path, new ideas and concepts would not be developed. We are taking the original information and then forming secondary images & thoughts that we can invoke a feeling, therefore living out the experience or event.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/28/2022 16:00:39
Subject: going about the final assignment (345)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well.

We are developing a "knowing and knowledge content" for four characteristics of successful Global businesses.

We are considering the following characteristics suggested by research (Bartlett and Ghoshal, please google):

1. Integrated networking structure

2. Dynamic decision-making

3. Adaptive coordination mechanisms

4. Unique innovation capabilities 

How do you go about creating a knowing and a knowledge content for each of the above?

Before you do so, this a good time to re-read the Abstract, reproduced below: The Production of Space: Online Experiential Learning.

The method and process for creating a knowing and a knowledge content is contained in the Abstract. And, many of you have co-authorship.

Before we tackle the four characteristics, let us consider a working definition for understanding Globalization. What does it mean?

According to Anthony Giddens (please google) globalization is: “the intensification of worldwide social relations which link distant localities in such way that local happenings are shaped by events occurring many miles away and vice versa”, thereby changing all aspects of our everyday life.

Sanjiv

CHARACTERISTIC, KNOWING, KNOWLEDGE, AUTHORSHIP

from the fishbowl...

THE PRODUCTION OF SPACE: ONLINE EXPERIENTIAL LEARNING

Introduction: Our paper is about the production of experiential learning in digital space we call the fishbowl. We are concerned with how learning is produced online. Shifting away from individual meaning-making in the form of cognitive learning cycles (1), we recognize that experiential learning is a collaborative process, mediated through embodied experience and situated within contextualized space and time (2). Following a socio-spatial perspective, we explore ways in which learning experiences are both socially produced and socially producing through engagement (3). We see our paper as joining conversations that enrich research, practice and knowledge production. 

Purpose: To present a multi-stage process, with each stage further refining learning that is realized by the participant. To realize is "to convert something imagined into real existence or fact.” Realization is the process by which surface representation is derived from its underlying representation, that is, the way abstract object of analysis comes to be produced in actual language and felt experientially. 

Method: As active learners, we are in a collaborative process of making sense of ourselves, the world, and places within it. Henri Lefebvre’s spatial Triad provided the framework to recognize three elements of producing space. Conceived space is “what is thought,” “perceived space is what is seen,” and “lived space is what is felt” (3). 

Our method examines the experimental genre of writing known as Denkbild or ‘thought-image’ (4). The thought-image borders on traditional genres like the parable and the aphorism, and relates to the short story and prose poem.

Our paper presents the following 5 steps:

1. Select three words, e.g., Growth, Discipline, Integrity.

2. Capture thought-images for each word. Describe the image and relate a personal event.

3. Reflection is consciously looking at, thinking about and interpreting experiences, actions, feelings and responses.

4. Identify two qualities constituting one’s unique experience by making Self the object of its own reflective consciousness.

5. Return to step 1.

Outcome: The fishbowl exchanges were aesthetically prominent structures that gave rise to conceptual thought, constituting a fluidity that resists definition. As a material and virtual artifact, the authors produced a unique circuit of exchange and a sharper picture of reality. By sharing content and images of their thoughts with regard to each of the words: Growth, Discipline, Integrity, the authors created a disconnected and non-binding form capable of building a shared community and culture from the standpoint of subjective experience. Foregoing the claim to completeness, and relying instead on the fragment (5) and anecdotal evidence (6), the fishbowl offered the best option for keeping the original three concepts alive. The thought-image with its evocation “of something that cannot be said in words” became the singular and unpredictable but not arbitrary or facile acts of conceptual creation. 

References

1. Kolb, D. A. (1984). Experiential learning: Experience as the source of learning and development (Vol. 1) Prentice-Hall

2. Kolb, A. Y., & Kolb, D. A. (2005). Learning Styles and Learning Spaces, Academy of Management Learning & Education, 4, 193-212. 

3. Lefebvre, H. (1991). The production of space. Blackwell

4. Richter, G (2007) Thought-Images, Stanford

5. Baudrillard, J (2004) Fragments, Routledge 

6. Gallop, J. (2002) Anecdotal Theory, Duke University

Keywords: THOUGHT-IMAGES, CONCEPTUAL SPACE, PERCEPTUAL SPACE, LIVED SPACE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/26/2022 13:20:38
Subject: relative, learned, shared, system, meanings (448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? 

And what about culture?

We’re making a textual turn in the course towards culture.

A bend in the road.

There are over 40 excellent definitions of culture and each one is different. Google the term and get a sense of the concept of culture. Well worth your while. By the end of the semester, your goal should be to have the beginnings of an understanding of the concept known as culture.

For our purposes in the fishbowl, G. H. Hofstede’s definition of culture works the best: 

"Culture is the collective programming of the mind which distinguishes the members of one human group from another.”

It is the programming of our minds that distinguishes us from each other in the fishbowl.

So what is this 'collective programming of my mind that distinguishes me from you?

1. It is my shared system of meanings.

2. It is relative.

3. It is learned.

4. It is about groups.

Culture dictates what we pay attention to. It guides how we perceive the world, how the self is experienced and how life itself is organized. When individuals of a group share patterns that enable them to see the same things in the same way, it holds them together. We carry within us learned ways of finding meaning in our experiences. In order for effective, stable and meaningful interaction to occur, we must have a shared system of meaning.

Each culture s relative to other cultures’ ways of perceiving the world and doing things.

My culture is derived from my social environment, and from my genetic make-up.

Culture is a collective phenomenon that is about shared values and meanings.

What culture is not:

1. Right or wrong.

2. Inherited.

3. About individual behavior. There are wide variations in individual values and behavior within each group’s culture.

Sanjiv

RELATIVE, LEARNED, SHARED, SYSTEM, MEANINGS

from the fishbowl...

ANewton

Posts: 69

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 11:56 am

Post by ANewton » Fri Mar 25, 2022 6:03 pm

CULTURE, MATRIX, BEHAVIOR, PATTERN, PARTICULAR

Culture is what creates us and makes us. We are cultured by behavior, and patterns in our lives, particularly from our families. This is a created matrix and what we believe is the truth and beliefs of our lives.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/23/2022 11:24:13
Subject: constructing word-pools
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I am looking forward to our class today. How should we do the letters? How do I learn from an exchange of words?

To address this question, I would like to say that the fishbowl represents what we are seeing happening all around us. On account of communication technology like Brightspace, Starfish and the Fishbowl, we are perceiving the outlines of "large scale shifts in attentional practices and norms." (Please google Net Smart by Howard Rheingold)

Shift in attentional practices and norms? What does that mean? I picked that out right away. 

Selection is key. What and whom and why did I select what I did? It can be random, or a lucky number, It could be intuitive, or thought-out. It could have an ulterior motive. It really has to do with context. So what is your context when you make a selection of a sentence structure?

The phrase means that there is a shift in how we do things; what do we pay attention to? And this shift is in our practices and in rules and norms of behavior. 

Next: So what do i do with the above reflection? 

I look up the words: shift, attention, practice, norm. 

I selected these words to look-up from my text above and, by going through the dictionary and thesaurus, I gather more words and make a word-pool (metaphor). Around twenty words I would think.

My word-pool is the boundary line for discourse (google Discourse Analysis). Discourse allows us to develop a dialog. More on this thought later. 

The word-pool is my resource for creating things like new thoughts, ideas, images, portrayals, vignettes, fragments, vision, flashes, camera shots, moving images, frameworks.

Our world is increasingly constituted by information (words) rather than pre-modern modes of conduct. It is how we live.

We meet on the same page today. No?

.

Sanjiv

ATTENTION, ATTEND, CONTEXT, SITUATION, DISCOURSE, DIALOG

from the fishbowl...

thoughts, words, ideas, images: resources from the fishbowl...

pageelliott

Posts: 47

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 12:36 pm

Post by pageelliott » Tue Mar 22, 2022 9:37 pm

Henri Lefebvre's Spatial Triad.- perceived space... deep thinking- Everyone around the world sees different areas or spaces everyday of their lives. We have places where we live, work, visit, and act. All of the spaces in which we experience daily, carry meaning and perspective. We all look at spaces differently based on the feelings we have there, and what experiences occurred in that space. Spaces are shared by everyone, but also quite different experiences for everyone. Spaces carry perspective, emotion, and visuals.

from the dictionary... 

CONCEIVE, imagine, think... When I was little I would look up into the sky and imagine the clouds as being different objects. I would think deeply about what the clouds looked like, and what is beyond our sight in the sky.

PERCEIVE, aware, recognize....It is important to be aware if your surroundings, and recognize people's feelings, emotions, fears, and thoughts.

FEEL, examine, touch... we can examine different words in a book, touch the book, and read until our heart's content. 

VISUALIZE, image, picture. I used to be really interested in photography and i would take thousands of pictures of nature. then, I would keep these images for the rest of my life and be able to remember experiences, emotions, and places I have been.

SOCIETY, people, community... many people in a community learn, see, and communicate with one another

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/23/2022 11:23:28
Subject: constructing word-pools
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I am looking forward to our class today. How should we do the letters? How do I learn from an exchange of words?

To address this question, I would like to say that the fishbowl represents what we are seeing happening all around us. On account of communication technology like Brightspace, Starfish and the Fishbowl, we are perceiving the outlines of "large scale shifts in attentional practices and norms." (Please google Net Smart by Howard Rheingold)

Shift in attentional practices and norms? What does that mean? I picked that out right away. 

Selection is key. What and whom and why did I select what I did? It can be random, or a lucky number, It could be intuitive, or thought-out. It could have an ulterior motive. It really has to do with context. So what is your context when you make a selection of a sentence structure?

The phrase means that there is a shift in how we do things; what do we pay attention to? And this shift is in our practices and in rules and norms of behavior. 

Next: So what do i do with the above reflection? 

I look up the words: shift, attention, practice, norm. 

I selected these words to look-up from my text above and, by going through the dictionary and thesaurus, I gather more words and make a word-pool (metaphor). Around twenty words I would think.

My word-pool is the boundary line for discourse (google Discourse Analysis). Discourse allows us to develop a dialog. More on this thought later. 

The word-pool is my resource for creating things like new thoughts, ideas, images, portrayals, vignettes, fragments, vision, flashes, camera shots, moving images, frameworks.

Our world is increasingly constituted by information (words) rather than pre-modern modes of conduct. It is how we live.

We meet on the same page today. No?

.

Sanjiv

ATTENTION, ATTEND, CONTEXT, SITUATION, DISCOURSE, DIALOG

from the fishbowl...

thoughts, words, ideas, images: resources from the fishbowl...

pageelliott

Posts: 47

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 12:36 pm

Post by pageelliott » Tue Mar 22, 2022 9:37 pm

Henri Lefebvre's Spatial Triad.- perceived space... deep thinking- Everyone around the world sees different areas or spaces everyday of their lives. We have places where we live, work, visit, and act. All of the spaces in which we experience daily, carry meaning and perspective. We all look at spaces differently based on the feelings we have there, and what experiences occurred in that space. Spaces are shared by everyone, but also quite different experiences for everyone. Spaces carry perspective, emotion, and visuals.

from the dictionary... 

CONCEIVE, imagine, think... When I was little I would look up into the sky and imagine the clouds as being different objects. I would think deeply about what the clouds looked like, and what is beyond our sight in the sky.

PERCEIVE, aware, recognize....It is important to be aware if your surroundings, and recognize people's feelings, emotions, fears, and thoughts.

FEEL, examine, touch... we can examine different words in a book, touch the book, and read until our heart's content. 

VISUALIZE, image, picture. I used to be really interested in photography and i would take thousands of pictures of nature. then, I would keep these images for the rest of my life and be able to remember experiences, emotions, and places I have been.

SOCIETY, people, community... many people in a community learn, see, and communicate with one another

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/23/2022 1:19:15
Subject: felt-experiences and thought-images (Denkbild)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I was thinking about tomorrows class and i would like to talk about word-images. Every word has an image attached to it and these images are different among us for the same word. The word-image for “cancer" is different for each of us, and when we share our images, we get a better handle on our knowing and knowledge building around the word “cancer." This simple sharing and posting helps us raise meaningful questions, create new ideas, and develop an original point of view.

Word-images are also known as “thought-images” or “denkbild.”

Please see the following video: 

https://www.theoryculturesociety.org/blog/video-monique-tschofen-on-the-denkbild-thought-image-in-the-age-of-digital-reproduction

We will cite Monique Tschofen’s work for completing our paper for Edulearn22, if the Abstract is accepted.

The felt-experience that you are describing in the fishbowl is akin to the "thought-image." 

The felt-experience/thought-image is a description of something in your memory that your mind visualizes.

It is a fragment of thought images.

Our thuoght-images influence how we conceive, perceive and feel about something.

Please google Henri Lefebvre's Spatial Triad. Our social space in the fishbowl is an intersection of conceived space, perceived space and lived space. Our thought-images influence these three spaces and create our society; the fishbowl.

Sanjiv

CONCEIVE, PERCEIVE, FEEL, VISUALIZE, SOCIETY

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/23/2022 1:18:40
Subject: felt-experiences and thought-images (Denkbild)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I was thinking about tomorrows class and i would like to talk about word-images. Every word has an image attached to it and these images are different among us for the same word. The word-image for “cancer" is different for each of us, and when we share our images, we get a better handle on our knowing and knowledge building around the word “cancer." This simple sharing and posting helps us raise meaningful questions, create new ideas, and develop an original point of view.

Word-images are also known as “thought-images” or “denkbild.”

Please see the following video: 

https://www.theoryculturesociety.org/blog/video-monique-tschofen-on-the-denkbild-thought-image-in-the-age-of-digital-reproduction

We will cite Monique Tschofen’s work for completing our paper for Edulearn22, if the Abstract is accepted.

The felt-experience that you are describing in the fishbowl is akin to the "thought-image." 

The felt-experience/thought-image is a description of something in your memory that your mind visualizes.

It is a fragment of thought images.

Our thuoght-images influence how we conceive, perceive and feel about something.

Please google Henri Lefebvre's Spatial Triad. Our social space in the fishbowl is an intersection of conceived space, perceived space and lived space. Our thought-images influence these three spaces and create our society; the fishbowl.

Sanjiv

CONCEIVE, PERCEIVE, FEEL, VISUALIZE, SOCIETY

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/22/2022 21:30:59
Subject: questions raised
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? As of Monday 3/21, the following questions were raised in class:

What do we have to do for the final project?

In 345 there will be four assignments with 10 steps each for the following: 

Integrated Networking Systems; 

Dynamic Decision Making; 

Complex Adaptive Structures; 

Unique Innovative Capabilities.

The above four are the characteristics of successful global businesses.

In 448, there will be Hofstede’s Four Cultural Dimensions which I will write to you about, and there are four films for to be watched, which will be sent to you. You will be decoding and deconstructing words spoken in the films and interpret them in terms of Hofstede’s cross-cultural dimensions.

Steps for completing the above will be laid out in great length and detail in the following weeks.

Completing the project will not take time. Understanding it, always does.

Are we meeting in person for the rest of the semester? Days/times?

Yes and No. We are blending it as we see fit. We meet tomorrow Wednesday and then meet again on Monday. The meeting is open to those have questions and doubts and fears. We meet for clarifying what is going on with the letters. What are the questions regarding your reality in the fishbowl? The goal is to be happy in a learning environment.

In a nutshell, our meetings are not mandatory and attendance is not taken.

Not sure how many posts we have to post to the fishbowl or are we graded by the quality of our posts?

Both quantity and quality counts. You are graded on both. My advice: do as many as you can and give them your best shot. Your reflections (postings in the fishbowl) are your resource going forward. Building your resources requires daily immersion in text. Immerse yourselves in a textual reality for fifteen minutes every day. This practice should help you in other courses and activities. The fact that you can read each others postings gives you a good idea as to where you stand with regard to your grade. Your grade will not be a surprise to you, I assure you.

If fishbowl post are later than when email/letter was sent, does that affect your grade?

What affects your grade is consistency. If you do your work on a regular basis, you will get a higher grade than if you do it all at the end. The reason is because you are trying to create added value for your viewers in the moment. It is creating community, society and culture whenever we post our thoughts in-formation, fluid and flexible. It is how money is made.

For the vocabulary section, we use our own personal definitions for the words? I have been doing that but I. just wanted to make sure. Thank you!

The more creative you are with your personal definitions the better off you will be. The meaning of our words is what the jamboree is about. We can think about words, and we can image them, and we can feel them.

Lis of due dates for assignments (upcoming) if there will be specific ones we need to do. Announcement for when final is due.

You are to keep up with the letters going forward. Don’t let them pile up. Finish them before the week is out, and think of the next one. I will guide you in the letters as to what you have to do specifically. Just do it right then. Smash it. Stay on top of it. Slam it. You’re hooked in any event! Final is the last day of class. By then, you will have done what the letters asked you to do and so you are finally finished with words and reflections and felt-experiences in the fishbowl. Print out hard copies for your archives.

What should be my goal for the end of the course?

Good question. Be a hero whenever an idea or concept is trapped in the brain. Recurring goal: how to release an inner thought into the outer space of the world at the right time with enough nourishment so it will survive, make contact, explore---without being frightened down or fused with anything else.

i know we shouldn’t care right away about grades but i would really like an A in this class and I’m not sure if I am on that track or not.

It is too early to tell. So long as you are regularly decoding and deconstructing the letters (vocabulary, google searches, felt-experiences) you are on track.

How often should we complete a felt-experience?

As often as you can. They are fragments. They are moments captured in text. It is your learning space. The larger the space, the higher the grade. The world applauds such people and showers them with goods.

I’m a bit confused on the reflection/felt experience part of the fishbowl if you could explain a bit more it would be much appreciated.

Bottom line: you select a word, and describe your image of that word. This activity entails reflection (looking at yourself) and felt-experiencing (description of your image). 

When you relate or juxtapose two different words, you get yourself an interesting canvas. Creativity is the name of the game in business.

Just to clarify, submitting vocabulary at any time before classes end will earn at least a B?

Technically that is correct. The answer is Yes. What is expected is that you are regular in deciphering the letters. It is your money. I often go to the gym just to take a shower.

What project we will be working on after this? Will there be any deadline on fishbowl from now?

You will be given detail instructions for completing the project the entire month of April. The only deadline is regularity and the last day of class.

When will we know how we are doing (our grade) in the class?

The fishbowl is designed in such a way that the participant can tell themselves. If you are doing both vocabulary and google searches, you can expect a B+. Anything above that is difficult to tell at this point. Grades have generally met student expectations. There are no surprises.

Is there a certain deadline for all of the fishbowl posts?

The last day of class. The fishbowl will be officially closed after that. However, you will continue to have access.

Is there a rubric or grading guidelines that I can use to reassure myself that I am doing work in the fishbowl correctly?

For those who need reassurance must come to class. I will have my laptop, and you can email me right there and then and I will take a look.

I am still confused about thought-felt experiences, is it words we choose from the letters to analyze?

Yes, you choose them from the letters and/or from your own text in the fishbowl. You choose them pretty much from anywhere.

 Is the final just deconstructing those 4 questions or are turning that into a paper?

There is no paper. Only the deconstruction steps which will be discussed threadbare going forward.

What groups are we supposed to be working with and can we choose to work alone? Is it the 3 names together by our last names in the fishbowl?

Yes, this is your group. There will be points when you will have to connect by reading the other’s text, but most of your work is done and posted alone.`

What is due when?

Be regular in your letter responses and follow instructions. Last day of class the fishbowl comes to an end.

I fell behind at some points due to personal reasons, will that effect my grade if I don't post my response every day?

No it should not, so long as you get back on track.

How do we see our grades?

I will post them on starfish.

Is there certain places we put our felt experiences or do we put them with any word we feel a connection with?

You can organize your postings in whatever way it works for you.

For felt experiences, how do we pick out within the letters what to use?

I generally let you know. But you can always go further and pick your own. 

Can you go over Edulearn22?

That is a conference we are submitting our fishbowl process for review.

Where do we put our deconstructed/substituted words/sentences within the fishbowl?

You are free to organize it the way it works for you. I will get to see it.

Will grades be posted?

Not in the fishbowl. Your grade is your private affair and sent to you by the university.

Is B the lowest grade you give?

Yes.

Is in person participation mandatory?

No

Will we be given a heads up on our current class grade?

Yes.

If others in our group are not active how should we complete group project.

You will manage alone without your grade being affected. Your experience will be different.

If there are repeat vocab words are we supposed to find synonyms of those vocab words?

The key is to expand your understanding of the word.

Can I still get an A in the class if I start posting regularly now?

YES.

When are we assigned the movies to watch?

Coming up shortly. Beginning this week.

What are the 3 most important things you look for in the fishbowl?

Regularity.

Depth of thoughts.

Descriptions of experiences.

Does the class have exams?

NO

How does this class relate to business in society?

We are looking at society as the following: digital, textual, symbolic, embodied.

We are experiencing it through participant observation, symbolic exchanges, social reflexivity and sharing of ideas.

Doing business in society in the 21st is about doing this. It is how we make money now.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

allisonmogauro

Posts: 56

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 10:20 am

Post by allisonmogauro » Mon Feb 07, 2022 3:37 pm

After finishing up the concept of reflection...

I have noted just how important the concept of note-taking and note-making is. Note-taking is a way to write down what you hear, while note-making is a way to consume what you hear. It is essential in the world of academics to do both of these things. They are important to the development of the student and even in the workforce. 

Another thing this concept has taught me is how experiences we go through are interpreted by us by our perception. It is up to you if your experiences are negative or positive. For instance, after crashing my car and I could have taken this as a bad experience. However, it made me become a better, more careful driver, making the overall experience a positive one in my opinion. When I think about it, instead of having regrets, I know I need to take it provisionally. I must start doing this with other experiences.

This goes along with the idea of becoming by Deleuze. Only you can live life to your full potential if you let yourself. You must let yourself be free in order to live life in the best way possible. Ignoring judgment is essential in order to live how you want. However, living how you want depends on you, no one else. You must take a situation and look at it in the best possible way or take an outcome and see it in the most positive way as possible.

Post by allisonmogauro » Mon Feb 07, 2022 8:53 pm

From the letter "About not being confused"

"But it is you who has to eat your vegetables (metaphor). I can’t eat them for you! That is a hard lesson."

It is important that as a student, you do the things you may not want to in order to succeed. In essence, it is like getting out of your comfort zone. To reach your full potential as a student, you must feel uncomfortable at some moments. 

Discomfort is a sign of progress- it helps the person grow and adapt. It is a normal and healthy part of life. When you are growing up, at some point you need to start doing things on your own. If you do not, you will forever be dependent and it can affect you later in life. Being dependent can affect your relationships negatively, as you can put stress on your partner/friend on relying on them too much.

Post by allisonmogauro » Tue Feb 08, 2022 8:25 pm

"About Deconstruction" letter

"Deconstruction is “a method of interpretation” or rather textual INTERPRETATION, i.e., interpreting words by looking up the meaning from the dictionary."

In my mind, deconstruction is looking at words deeper than just the letters. It is looking at the ideas behind the words and why the writer is writing them. It is easier in person to listen to someone talk because you can see their emotions and voice tone to figure out what they are saying. However, when someone writes, the reader can have trouble deciding what the writer is trying to say. This is because writers can have different ideas than a reader. 

For instance, a writer can be writing about a character that in their eyes is mad, but the reader can have no idea and think they were happy. this is because the reader cannot see emotion. To me, emotion helps a lot in showing the meaning behind words. Ideas make up words and words makeup stories, therefore deconstruction is very important while reading. Deconstruction is just as important as interpretation due to the fact that words are not just letters.

Post by allisonmogauro » Wed Feb 09, 2022 6:53 pm

"The challenge of learning" letter

"Our memory is a repository of feelings, felt in past situations (experiences) that we are evoking in the present."

Memories are not based on words, but they are based on how you felt in that moment. For instance, if you remember a good memory like when you went on vacation with your friends, you remember how happy and excited you were. You do not remember the exact experience and everything that was said, but just how you felt. The same goes with a bad experience. Especially in a traumatic experience, you will not remember the exact words or phrases that you heard, but instead how sorrowful, depressed, or miserable you were. Feelings are the core to our memories and are felt even in the present when thinking about the past.

allisonmogauro

Posts: 56

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 10:20 am

Post by allisonmogauro » Mon Feb 21, 2022 5:07 pm

GROWTH: a stage or condition in increasing, developing, or maturing. Synonyms are maturing, or broadening. Growth is focused on self and development. In education, growth refers to how much students grow in their proficiency in the school system. To grow as a person, you must not make excuses, compliment yourself, be helpful, and practice forgiveness. As humans, we grow every day whether we notice it or not. Whether it be big or small steps, we develop even the slightest bit daily. In the fishbowl, we are experiencing growth in our vocabulary as well as our thoughts and realities. 

DISCIPLINE: to train or develop by instruction and exercise, especially in self-control. A person who is disciplined is true to their word; when they decide to do something, they set themselves accountable. Self-disciplined people stay motivated and are able to push themselves to grow. Synonyms are strictness. routine, and control. In the fishbowl, it is essential to have discipline and complete the work although there is no due date and the class is online. if you are disciplined in the fishbowl, you will grow. 

INTEGRITY: Synonyms: honor, morals. The quality of being honest and having strong morals. Showing integrity means keeping secrets, being honest with friends and family, not gossiping, and following through with promises. Someone who shows integrity means someone who has guidelines that they live by. In the fishbowl, one must show integrity by making themselves learn something new every day. We as students make a promise to ourselves to learn everyday, therefore we must continue to be honest with ourselves and show integrity by putting in the effort.

Post by allisonmogauro » Mon Mar 21, 2022 8:59 pm

“Reaching across cultures through reflections in a fishbowl” letter

Words: win/practice

Word pool: gain, secure, achieve, collect

Practices- exercise, apply, utilize, application

Sentence: Through practice, determination, willpower, and grit, you can win any test that comes your way. 

Felt experience: Being an athlete, I have realized the importance of practice. However, it is what you put into practice that is the most important. Being focused and working hard during the time you are working helps what you get out of practice. I have realized this goes the same for any situation, education especially. The amount I spend studying for a test has a severe impact on just how well I do on that test. Another instance is in the fishbowl. You must practice your vocabulary and reflections in order to understand and grasp concepts. The more time you spend practicing in the fishbowl, the more you will understand the ideas.

Post by allisonmogauro » Mon Mar 21, 2022 10:08 pm

"Meeting in real time on Monday" letter

appointed/represents

word pool: 

appointed: scheduled, arranged, determined, chosen

represents: replaces, elects, acts, plays 

sentence: The appointed captain represents the leader for the team, who is to treat all teammates fairly while inspiring them. 

Felt experience: 

On most teams, there is an appointed captain. Sometimes the captain is chosen by the coaches while other times they are chosen by their teammates. This person is a representation of the team. A captain is supposed to be someone you look up to. These people also should give 100% in all practices and games. In general in life, people are captains. For instance, people are born followers or leaders. People who are followers avoid guilt if something goes wrong, while leaders are ready to take the blame. It is about willingness to be wrong. I believe I am somewhere in the middle. I am not aggressive enough to be a leader and try to avoid conflicts. However, I do not like to sit back and be told what to do. In this sense, I am a leader because I take initiative. Leaders possess qualities such as being self-aware, having empathy, having good communication skills, and respect. Followers have good judgment, competence, courage, and loyalty. Both have qualities that everyone should strive to possess.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/22/2022 21:30:29
Subject: questions raised
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? As of Monday 3/21, the following questions were raised in class:

What do we have to do for the final project?

In 345 there will be four assignments with 10 steps each for the following: 

Integrated Networking Systems; 

Dynamic Decision Making; 

Complex Adaptive Structures; 

Unique Innovative Capabilities.

The above four are the characteristics of successful global businesses.

In 448, there will be Hofstede’s Four Cultural Dimensions which I will write to you about, and there are four films for to be watched, which will be sent to you. You will be decoding and deconstructing words spoken in the films and interpret them in terms of Hofstede’s cross-cultural dimensions.

Steps for completing the above will be laid out in great length and detail in the following weeks.

Completing the project will not take time. Understanding it, always does.

Are we meeting in person for the rest of the semester? Days/times?

Yes and No. We are blending it as we see fit. We meet tomorrow Wednesday and then meet again on Monday. The meeting is open to those have questions and doubts and fears. We meet for clarifying what is going on with the letters. What are the questions regarding your reality in the fishbowl? The goal is to be happy in a learning environment.

In a nutshell, our meetings are not mandatory and attendance is not taken.

Not sure how many posts we have to post to the fishbowl or are we graded by the quality of our posts?

Both quantity and quality counts. You are graded on both. My advice: do as many as you can and give them your best shot. Your reflections (postings in the fishbowl) are your resource going forward. Building your resources requires daily immersion in text. Immerse yourselves in a textual reality for fifteen minutes every day. This practice should help you in other courses and activities. The fact that you can read each others postings gives you a good idea as to where you stand with regard to your grade. Your grade will not be a surprise to you, I assure you.

If fishbowl post are later than when email/letter was sent, does that affect your grade?

What affects your grade is consistency. If you do your work on a regular basis, you will get a higher grade than if you do it all at the end. The reason is because you are trying to create added value for your viewers in the moment. It is creating community, society and culture whenever we post our thoughts in-formation, fluid and flexible. It is how money is made.

For the vocabulary section, we use our own personal definitions for the words? I have been doing that but I. just wanted to make sure. Thank you!

The more creative you are with your personal definitions the better off you will be. The meaning of our words is what the jamboree is about. We can think about words, and we can image them, and we can feel them.

Lis of due dates for assignments (upcoming) if there will be specific ones we need to do. Announcement for when final is due.

You are to keep up with the letters going forward. Don’t let them pile up. Finish them before the week is out, and think of the next one. I will guide you in the letters as to what you have to do specifically. Just do it right then. Smash it. Stay on top of it. Slam it. You’re hooked in any event! Final is the last day of class. By then, you will have done what the letters asked you to do and so you are finally finished with words and reflections and felt-experiences in the fishbowl. Print out hard copies for your archives.

What should be my goal for the end of the course?

Good question. Be a hero whenever an idea or concept is trapped in the brain. Recurring goal: how to release an inner thought into the outer space of the world at the right time with enough nourishment so it will survive, make contact, explore---without being frightened down or fused with anything else.

i know we shouldn’t care right away about grades but i would really like an A in this class and I’m not sure if I am on that track or not.

It is too early to tell. So long as you are regularly decoding and deconstructing the letters (vocabulary, google searches, felt-experiences) you are on track.

How often should we complete a felt-experience?

As often as you can. They are fragments. They are moments captured in text. It is your learning space. The larger the space, the higher the grade. The world applauds such people and showers them with goods.

I’m a bit confused on the reflection/felt experience part of the fishbowl if you could explain a bit more it would be much appreciated.

Bottom line: you select a word, and describe your image of that word. This activity entails reflection (looking at yourself) and felt-experiencing (description of your image). 

When you relate or juxtapose two different words, you get yourself an interesting canvas. Creativity is the name of the game in business.

Just to clarify, submitting vocabulary at any time before classes end will earn at least a B?

Technically that is correct. The answer is Yes. What is expected is that you are regular in deciphering the letters. It is your money. I often go to the gym just to take a shower.

What project we will be working on after this? Will there be any deadline on fishbowl from now?

You will be given detail instructions for completing the project the entire month of April. The only deadline is regularity and the last day of class.

When will we know how we are doing (our grade) in the class?

The fishbowl is designed in such a way that the participant can tell themselves. If you are doing both vocabulary and google searches, you can expect a B+. Anything above that is difficult to tell at this point. Grades have generally met student expectations. There are no surprises.

Is there a certain deadline for all of the fishbowl posts?

The last day of class. The fishbowl will be officially closed after that. However, you will continue to have access.

Is there a rubric or grading guidelines that I can use to reassure myself that I am doing work in the fishbowl correctly?

For those who need reassurance must come to class. I will have my laptop, and you can email me right there and then and I will take a look.

I am still confused about thought-felt experiences, is it words we choose from the letters to analyze?

Yes, you choose them from the letters and/or from your own text in the fishbowl. You choose them pretty much from anywhere.

 Is the final just deconstructing those 4 questions or are turning that into a paper?

There is no paper. Only the deconstruction steps which will be discussed threadbare going forward.

What groups are we supposed to be working with and can we choose to work alone? Is it the 3 names together by our last names in the fishbowl?

Yes, this is your group. There will be points when you will have to connect by reading the other’s text, but most of your work is done and posted alone.`

What is due when?

Be regular in your letter responses and follow instructions. Last day of class the fishbowl comes to an end.

I fell behind at some points due to personal reasons, will that effect my grade if I don't post my response every day?

No it should not, so long as you get back on track.

How do we see our grades?

I will post them on starfish.

Is there certain places we put our felt experiences or do we put them with any word we feel a connection with?

You can organize your postings in whatever way it works for you.

For felt experiences, how do we pick out within the letters what to use?

I generally let you know. But you can always go further and pick your own. 

Can you go over Edulearn22?

That is a conference we are submitting our fishbowl process for review.

Where do we put our deconstructed/substituted words/sentences within the fishbowl?

You are free to organize it the way it works for you. I will get to see it.

Will grades be posted?

Not in the fishbowl. Your grade is your private affair and sent to you by the university.

Is B the lowest grade you give?

Yes.

Is in person participation mandatory?

No

Will we be given a heads up on our current class grade?

Yes.

If others in our group are not active how should we complete group project.

You will manage alone without your grade being affected. Your experience will be different.

If there are repeat vocab words are we supposed to find synonyms of those vocab words?

The key is to expand your understanding of the word.

Can I still get an A in the class if I start posting regularly now?

YES.

When are we assigned the movies to watch?

Coming up shortly. Beginning this week.

What are the 3 most important things you look for in the fishbowl?

Regularity.

Depth of thoughts.

Descriptions of experiences.

Does the class have exams?

NO

How does this class relate to business in society?

We are looking at society as the following: digital, textual, symbolic, embodied.

We are experiencing it through participant observation, symbolic exchanges, social reflexivity and sharing of ideas.

Doing business in society in the 21st is about doing this. It is how we make money now.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

allisonmogauro

Posts: 56

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 10:20 am

Post by allisonmogauro » Mon Feb 07, 2022 3:37 pm

After finishing up the concept of reflection...

I have noted just how important the concept of note-taking and note-making is. Note-taking is a way to write down what you hear, while note-making is a way to consume what you hear. It is essential in the world of academics to do both of these things. They are important to the development of the student and even in the workforce. 

Another thing this concept has taught me is how experiences we go through are interpreted by us by our perception. It is up to you if your experiences are negative or positive. For instance, after crashing my car and I could have taken this as a bad experience. However, it made me become a better, more careful driver, making the overall experience a positive one in my opinion. When I think about it, instead of having regrets, I know I need to take it provisionally. I must start doing this with other experiences.

This goes along with the idea of becoming by Deleuze. Only you can live life to your full potential if you let yourself. You must let yourself be free in order to live life in the best way possible. Ignoring judgment is essential in order to live how you want. However, living how you want depends on you, no one else. You must take a situation and look at it in the best possible way or take an outcome and see it in the most positive way as possible.

Post by allisonmogauro » Mon Feb 07, 2022 8:53 pm

From the letter "About not being confused"

"But it is you who has to eat your vegetables (metaphor). I can’t eat them for you! That is a hard lesson."

It is important that as a student, you do the things you may not want to in order to succeed. In essence, it is like getting out of your comfort zone. To reach your full potential as a student, you must feel uncomfortable at some moments. 

Discomfort is a sign of progress- it helps the person grow and adapt. It is a normal and healthy part of life. When you are growing up, at some point you need to start doing things on your own. If you do not, you will forever be dependent and it can affect you later in life. Being dependent can affect your relationships negatively, as you can put stress on your partner/friend on relying on them too much.

Post by allisonmogauro » Tue Feb 08, 2022 8:25 pm

"About Deconstruction" letter

"Deconstruction is “a method of interpretation” or rather textual INTERPRETATION, i.e., interpreting words by looking up the meaning from the dictionary."

In my mind, deconstruction is looking at words deeper than just the letters. It is looking at the ideas behind the words and why the writer is writing them. It is easier in person to listen to someone talk because you can see their emotions and voice tone to figure out what they are saying. However, when someone writes, the reader can have trouble deciding what the writer is trying to say. This is because writers can have different ideas than a reader. 

For instance, a writer can be writing about a character that in their eyes is mad, but the reader can have no idea and think they were happy. this is because the reader cannot see emotion. To me, emotion helps a lot in showing the meaning behind words. Ideas make up words and words makeup stories, therefore deconstruction is very important while reading. Deconstruction is just as important as interpretation due to the fact that words are not just letters.

Post by allisonmogauro » Wed Feb 09, 2022 6:53 pm

"The challenge of learning" letter

"Our memory is a repository of feelings, felt in past situations (experiences) that we are evoking in the present."

Memories are not based on words, but they are based on how you felt in that moment. For instance, if you remember a good memory like when you went on vacation with your friends, you remember how happy and excited you were. You do not remember the exact experience and everything that was said, but just how you felt. The same goes with a bad experience. Especially in a traumatic experience, you will not remember the exact words or phrases that you heard, but instead how sorrowful, depressed, or miserable you were. Feelings are the core to our memories and are felt even in the present when thinking about the past.

allisonmogauro

Posts: 56

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 10:20 am

Post by allisonmogauro » Mon Feb 21, 2022 5:07 pm

GROWTH: a stage or condition in increasing, developing, or maturing. Synonyms are maturing, or broadening. Growth is focused on self and development. In education, growth refers to how much students grow in their proficiency in the school system. To grow as a person, you must not make excuses, compliment yourself, be helpful, and practice forgiveness. As humans, we grow every day whether we notice it or not. Whether it be big or small steps, we develop even the slightest bit daily. In the fishbowl, we are experiencing growth in our vocabulary as well as our thoughts and realities. 

DISCIPLINE: to train or develop by instruction and exercise, especially in self-control. A person who is disciplined is true to their word; when they decide to do something, they set themselves accountable. Self-disciplined people stay motivated and are able to push themselves to grow. Synonyms are strictness. routine, and control. In the fishbowl, it is essential to have discipline and complete the work although there is no due date and the class is online. if you are disciplined in the fishbowl, you will grow. 

INTEGRITY: Synonyms: honor, morals. The quality of being honest and having strong morals. Showing integrity means keeping secrets, being honest with friends and family, not gossiping, and following through with promises. Someone who shows integrity means someone who has guidelines that they live by. In the fishbowl, one must show integrity by making themselves learn something new every day. We as students make a promise to ourselves to learn everyday, therefore we must continue to be honest with ourselves and show integrity by putting in the effort.

Post by allisonmogauro » Mon Mar 21, 2022 8:59 pm

“Reaching across cultures through reflections in a fishbowl” letter

Words: win/practice

Word pool: gain, secure, achieve, collect

Practices- exercise, apply, utilize, application

Sentence: Through practice, determination, willpower, and grit, you can win any test that comes your way. 

Felt experience: Being an athlete, I have realized the importance of practice. However, it is what you put into practice that is the most important. Being focused and working hard during the time you are working helps what you get out of practice. I have realized this goes the same for any situation, education especially. The amount I spend studying for a test has a severe impact on just how well I do on that test. Another instance is in the fishbowl. You must practice your vocabulary and reflections in order to understand and grasp concepts. The more time you spend practicing in the fishbowl, the more you will understand the ideas.

Post by allisonmogauro » Mon Mar 21, 2022 10:08 pm

"Meeting in real time on Monday" letter

appointed/represents

word pool: 

appointed: scheduled, arranged, determined, chosen

represents: replaces, elects, acts, plays 

sentence: The appointed captain represents the leader for the team, who is to treat all teammates fairly while inspiring them. 

Felt experience: 

On most teams, there is an appointed captain. Sometimes the captain is chosen by the coaches while other times they are chosen by their teammates. This person is a representation of the team. A captain is supposed to be someone you look up to. These people also should give 100% in all practices and games. In general in life, people are captains. For instance, people are born followers or leaders. People who are followers avoid guilt if something goes wrong, while leaders are ready to take the blame. It is about willingness to be wrong. I believe I am somewhere in the middle. I am not aggressive enough to be a leader and try to avoid conflicts. However, I do not like to sit back and be told what to do. In this sense, I am a leader because I take initiative. Leaders possess qualities such as being self-aware, having empathy, having good communication skills, and respect. Followers have good judgment, competence, courage, and loyalty. Both have qualities that everyone should strive to possess.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/22/2022 12:24:59
Subject: abstract submission extended 3/31
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? We survived our first meeting. 

The first time for anything is invariably awkward, but this time, our beginning had already begun someplace else. 

Yesterday, we were Eyes looking at Eyes. The ‘mask’ served its purpose. 

It was both, real and metaphorical, as we re-enacted the fishbowl among ourselves.

There is much to be said for repetition and reiteration.

The conference deadline for the Abstract is shifted to 3/31. Please see attached. If you wish to have your name on (or off) the abstract, you must show evidence of work completed before 3/31, I will be happy to include your name as co-author. Seize the day, as they say!

I have registered for the conference (around $500) to ensure the co-authors a digital footprint in the published proceedings. The full paper will be submitted virtually which gives you the freedom to show-up in person, or not. If you wish to attend the conference in person (you will have to register), you might consider raising money from the university. Well worth a shot. Since the paper will be submitted virtually, you will not have the stress of making a presentation. If you have any questions, don’t hesitate.

We will meet tomorrow to follow-up. It is not mandatory. Come only if you think it will help. Otherwise, you will receive a letter this evening. I am working on it.

You’re all doing fine. Don’t add the fishbowl to you list of worries. Do the vocabulary and google searches religiously and share a fetl-experience whenever you can. It is grist for the mill (metaphor). Shift your focus from your grade to your learning instead. 

Sanjiv

att/

Begin forwarded message:

From: "EDULEARN22" <edulearn22@iated.org>

Subject: Abstract Submission Extension: 31st March 2022

Date: March 21, 2022 at 8:14:00 PM EDT

To: <sanjivdugal@gmail.com>

Reply-To: edulearn22@iated.org

Publicidad

View content in a browser »

facebook twitter youtube

EDULEARN22

14th annual International Conference on Education and New Learning Technologies

4-6 JULY, 2022

PALMA DE MALLORCA (SPAIN)	SUBMIT YOUR ABSTRACT NOW »

Deadline extension: 31st of March, 2022

JOIN US!

Dear Sanjiv Dugal,

You are invited to join the 14th edition of EDULEARN, one of the largest international conferences for lecturers, educational researchers and technologists.

For the last 12 years, EDULEARN conferences have been held in-person, welcoming more than 800 participants in the field of education, and the last two editions were held virtually due to the pandemic.

This year, we are looking forward to welcoming you all again in Palma. If the covid situation didn’t allow EDULEARN22 to be held in-person, the conference would be moved to a fully virtual format. Please, find more information here.

Learn more »

CALL FOR ABSTRACTS

You can present your projects and experiences on education and innovation in any of the following formats:

- Oral and poster presentations

- Virtual presentations

The extended deadline for abstracts submission is 31st of March, 2022.

You can find the conference topics here.

Learn more »

TOP 5 REASONS TO PARTICIPATE AT EDULEARN22

- Present your paper in one of the largest international conferences on education.

- Interact with international educators and technologists for future cooperation.

- Meet participants from more than 80 countries.

- Learn about education innovations and strategies in different thematic sessions.

- Publish your paper in EDULEARN22 Proceedings.

Discover who will attend »

PUBLICATIONS

- EDULEARN22 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for their inclusion in Web of Science (Conference Proceedings Citation Index). Previous editions were already accepted.

- An individual DOI number will be assigned for each accepted paper.

- Also, EDULEARN22 Proceedings will be included in IATED Digital Library.

Learn more »

VIRTUAL PARTICIPATION

This option will enable authors to submit their abstracts and papers for EDULEARN22 Proceedings without attending the conference in-person.

Also, authors will be able to submit their virtual presentation files (slides, video or poster). These presentations will be uploaded onto the conference website and Technical Program.

Registered virtual authors will receive a virtual package (EDULEARN22 Proceedings, participation/author certificate, and conference materials) that will be sent by courier after the conference dates.

In order to promote a maximum interaction, different thematic chats, private chats and other networking live activities will be offered for virtual participants.

Learn more »

PROPOSE A SPECIAL SESSION

If you want your own topic being covered, you are invited to propose a special session where you and your colleagues can share novel ideas and experiences and discuss them with the audience.

Discover how »		

BECOME AN EXHIBITOR

Exhibit your products to leading decision-makers, lecturers, educational researchers and practitioners in education and research from more than 80 different countries.

Discover how»

Proceedings indexed in WoS DOI Crossref

Copyright © 2006-2022 IATED. All rights reserved.

If you are no longer interested in receiving this information, you can have your email address removed from the list by clicking here. Thank you

This email and any eventual attachment contain confidential information exclusively intended for the addressee. You are not allowed to disclose, copy or distribute it to third parties without IATED Academy’s prior written authorization. lf you have received this email in error, please delete it immediately and we ask to let us know about this error by forwarding it to the sender's email address. Pursuant to the provisions of the current regulations on data protection, both at the national and the European level, IATED Academy guarantees the adoption of the required technical and organizational measures to ensure the confidential treatment of personal data. Likewise, we inform you that your email address has been obtained from the interested party or from public sources and has been included in our files in order to permit us to maintain contact with you send you information about our products and services as long as there exists a mutual interest in this or a commercial or contractual relationship. However, you can exercise your rights of access, rectification and deletion of your data as well as the right of limitation and opposition to its treatment using the following information: IATED Academy; Address: Plaza Legion Espanola 11 bajo. 46010 Valencia. Spain; email: iated@iated.org; website: iated.org.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/22/2022 12:22:15
Subject: abstract submission extended 3/31
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? We survived our first meeting. 

The first time for anything is invariably awkward, but this time, our beginning had already begun someplace else. 

Yesterday, we were Eyes looking at Eyes. The ‘mask’ served its purpose. 

It was both, real and metaphorical, as we re-enacted the fishbowl among ourselves.

There is much to be said for repetition and reiteration.

The conference deadline for the Abstract is shifted to 3/31. Please see attached. If you wish to have your name on (or off) the abstract, you must show evidence of work completed before 3/31, I will be happy to include your name as co-author. Seize the day, as they say!

I have registered for the conference (around $500) to ensure the co-authors a digital footprint in the published proceedings. The full paper will be submitted virtually which gives you the freedom to show-up in person, or not. If you wish to attend the conference in person (you will have to register), you might consider raising money from the university. Well worth a shot. Since the paper will be submitted virtually, you will not have the stress of making a presentation. If you have any questions, don’t hesitate.

We will meet tomorrow to follow-up. It is not mandatory. Come only if you think it will help. Otherwise, you will receive a letter this evening. I am working on it.

You’re all doing fine. Don’t add the fishbowl to you list of worries. Do the vocabulary and google searches religiously and share a fetl-experience whenever you can. It is grist for the mill (metaphor). Shift your focus from your grade to your learning instead. 

Sanjiv

att/

Begin forwarded message:

From: "EDULEARN22" <edulearn22@iated.org>

Subject: Abstract Submission Extension: 31st March 2022

Date: March 21, 2022 at 8:14:00 PM EDT

To: <sanjivdugal@gmail.com>

Reply-To: edulearn22@iated.org

Publicidad

View content in a browser »

facebook twitter youtube

EDULEARN22

14th annual International Conference on Education and New Learning Technologies

4-6 JULY, 2022

PALMA DE MALLORCA (SPAIN)	SUBMIT YOUR ABSTRACT NOW »

Deadline extension: 31st of March, 2022

JOIN US!

Dear Sanjiv Dugal,

You are invited to join the 14th edition of EDULEARN, one of the largest international conferences for lecturers, educational researchers and technologists.

For the last 12 years, EDULEARN conferences have been held in-person, welcoming more than 800 participants in the field of education, and the last two editions were held virtually due to the pandemic.

This year, we are looking forward to welcoming you all again in Palma. If the covid situation didn’t allow EDULEARN22 to be held in-person, the conference would be moved to a fully virtual format. Please, find more information here.

Learn more »

CALL FOR ABSTRACTS

You can present your projects and experiences on education and innovation in any of the following formats:

- Oral and poster presentations

- Virtual presentations

The extended deadline for abstracts submission is 31st of March, 2022.

You can find the conference topics here.

Learn more »

TOP 5 REASONS TO PARTICIPATE AT EDULEARN22

- Present your paper in one of the largest international conferences on education.

- Interact with international educators and technologists for future cooperation.

- Meet participants from more than 80 countries.

- Learn about education innovations and strategies in different thematic sessions.

- Publish your paper in EDULEARN22 Proceedings.

Discover who will attend »

PUBLICATIONS

- EDULEARN22 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for their inclusion in Web of Science (Conference Proceedings Citation Index). Previous editions were already accepted.

- An individual DOI number will be assigned for each accepted paper.

- Also, EDULEARN22 Proceedings will be included in IATED Digital Library.

Learn more »

VIRTUAL PARTICIPATION

This option will enable authors to submit their abstracts and papers for EDULEARN22 Proceedings without attending the conference in-person.

Also, authors will be able to submit their virtual presentation files (slides, video or poster). These presentations will be uploaded onto the conference website and Technical Program.

Registered virtual authors will receive a virtual package (EDULEARN22 Proceedings, participation/author certificate, and conference materials) that will be sent by courier after the conference dates.

In order to promote a maximum interaction, different thematic chats, private chats and other networking live activities will be offered for virtual participants.

Learn more »

PROPOSE A SPECIAL SESSION

If you want your own topic being covered, you are invited to propose a special session where you and your colleagues can share novel ideas and experiences and discuss them with the audience.

Discover how »		

BECOME AN EXHIBITOR

Exhibit your products to leading decision-makers, lecturers, educational researchers and practitioners in education and research from more than 80 different countries.

Discover how»

Proceedings indexed in WoS DOI Crossref

Copyright © 2006-2022 IATED. All rights reserved.

If you are no longer interested in receiving this information, you can have your email address removed from the list by clicking here. Thank you

This email and any eventual attachment contain confidential information exclusively intended for the addressee. You are not allowed to disclose, copy or distribute it to third parties without IATED Academy’s prior written authorization. lf you have received this email in error, please delete it immediately and we ask to let us know about this error by forwarding it to the sender's email address. Pursuant to the provisions of the current regulations on data protection, both at the national and the European level, IATED Academy guarantees the adoption of the required technical and organizational measures to ensure the confidential treatment of personal data. Likewise, we inform you that your email address has been obtained from the interested party or from public sources and has been included in our files in order to permit us to maintain contact with you send you information about our products and services as long as there exists a mutual interest in this or a commercial or contractual relationship. However, you can exercise your rights of access, rectification and deletion of your data as well as the right of limitation and opposition to its treatment using the following information: IATED Academy; Address: Plaza Legion Espanola 11 bajo. 46010 Valencia. Spain; email: iated@iated.org; website: iated.org.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/1/2022 13:37:30
Subject: feedback again
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

From your constructed dichotomy, you are creating a sentence structure. 

This sentence has to include both words of the dichotomy.

Not one word at a time, but both words, simultaneously, are to form the sentence.

You are taking each of the two words in the dichotomy further, by looking up their meaning in the dictionary (word pool), so that you can substitute the original choice of words in your dichotomy and thereby, easily create a sentence.

You are fitting a felt-experience to this sentence.

Only then you are creating original knowledge content.

You don’t have to get it perfect and you don’t have to share a perfect finished outcome. 

Show all your work and the change in sentence structures as you construct them, and the choice of your selections and the reason why you make them. 

Transparency and sharing your trajectory of thoughts has become a key skill for leadership and management. Please keep that in mind.

Fear of getting it wrong and not getting it right is an inhibiting factor. Drop the fear. Wasted emotion in a learning environment.

Sincerity and integrity and focus are of value.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/1/2022 13:37:03
Subject: feedback again
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

From your constructed dichotomy, you are creating a sentence structure. 

This sentence has to include both words of the dichotomy.

Not one word at a time, but both words, simultaneously, are to form the sentence.

You are taking each of the two words in the dichotomy further, by looking up their meaning in the dictionary (word pool), so that you can substitute the original choice of words in your dichotomy and thereby, easily create a sentence.

You are fitting a felt-experience to this sentence.

Only then you are creating original knowledge content.

You don’t have to get it perfect and you don’t have to share a perfect finished outcome. 

Show all your work and the change in sentence structures as you construct them, and the choice of your selections and the reason why you make them. 

Transparency and sharing your trajectory of thoughts has become a key skill for leadership and management. Please keep that in mind.

Fear of getting it wrong and not getting it right is an inhibiting factor. Drop the fear. Wasted emotion in a learning environment.

Sincerity and integrity and focus are of value.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/1/2022 3:15:06
Subject: feedback: singular juxtapositions and structural spaces
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Please see Emmanuel Bazile’s exercise below.

Bazile's dichotomies are challenging juxtapositions of two word-images; two concepts; two symbols; two ideas; two words.

They are unique and only he could have chosen them. They have never been combined in this way. They are singular.

Singularity is a central aspect of globalization (please google Empire by Hardt and Negri).

These dichotomies are an assemblage, they are singular and a central aspect of the multitude which is us in the fishbowl.. 

1. conformity/opinion

2. transparent/initiative

3. ability/aspect

Feedback:

The word-pool should consist of both words in the dichotomies from which you will form a sentence structure. 

Not just one word, ‘conformity,' but both: ‘conformity' and ‘opinion.'

The new sentence structure should be formed from this inclusive and enhanced word pool that includes both words of the dichotomies.

Whenever you FORM a sentence structure emanating from both words in your dichotomy, and fit a felt-experience to it, you are creating a new knowing and knowledge content.

Emmanuel Bazile’s posting is an excellent first attempt. It gets him an A-minus. He must aim for an A and create original knowledge content. 

Aside:

I am looking at every word you post and I think about you all the time. I hold back to give you space to develop your thoughts, words and images.

I am waiting and watching your postings to inspire and enable me to write the Abstracts for EDULEARN22 (please google). The deadline is looming.

Always follow the KISS principle.

We will soon distinguish MGT345 and MGT448 and start watching films. 

Sanjiv

SINGULAR, JUXTAPOSITION, ASSEMBLAGE, MULTITUDE, EMANATE, (Please google EMPIRE BY HARDT AND NEGRI)

from the fishbowl...

emmanuelbazile

Posts: 25

Joined: Mon Jan 31, 2022 8:02 am

 emmanuelbazile » Mon Feb 28, 2022 4:45 pm

Words from paragraph on Discipline 

1. conformity

2. opinions

Conformity is defined as the compliance with standards, rules, or laws. 

Similar words and phrases are adherence, accordance with, observance, orthodoxy, obedience, allegiance, submission.

Relative to the definition of conformity, a example is a student who changes the style in which they dress because they want to look like their peers. To this extent, why do people conform? To fit in, pressure, embarrassment. 

A sentence example is "You must conform to the laws in order to have the privileges as a citizen."

Felt experience: A time I experienced conformity was when I used to do ballet. I remember the teachers stressing on reciprocating their form, positions, posture. It was as the saying, its either their way or the highway. If you did not do what they wanted, looked how they wanted in regards to weight/height, or correct techniques, they would kick you out the class. As students we had to do what they wanted, observe and repeat without input. 

Rigorous is defined as extremely thorough, exhaustive or accurate.

Similar words are meticulous, punctilious, conscientious, attentive.

Relative to the definition, rigorous implies to the imposition of hardship or difficulty. Consider an exam or physical test. 

A sentence example is "The rigors testing of consumer products."

Felt experience: Of all the times I have been challenged, I feel the most memorable rigorous experience was when I did a police academy for a summer. When I was younger I wanted to go work in the FBI or secret service, so I did a summer program where I was exposed to people I that field. I was able to meet and do training exercises with air Marshalls, fire fighters, SWAT teams, CIA and other areas of law enforcement. However, the beginning of each day began with physical training in which we would run miles and miles through trails in the woods and on the roads. Then return to do push ups, sit-ups, pull ups and exhausting excerucses. I remember this one time I was exhausted because I also have asthma, and after a run going into pushups we had to hit a certain threshold a number of certain exercises then finish drink all the water in our bottles and hold it over our heads. I remember people throwing up and just a mess, and the only thing going through my head was when I was able to go home.

emmanuelbazile

Posts: 25

Joined: Mon Jan 31, 2022 8:02 am

 emmanuelbazile » Mon Feb 28, 2022 5:38 pm

Words on paragraph from Integrity

1. Transparent

2. Initiative

Transparent is defined as allowing light to pass through so that objects behind can be distinctly seen or having thoughts, feelings, or motives that are easily perceived.

Similar words are see-through, clear, pellucid.

Relative to the definition, I interpret transparent as being clear and explicit of the truth. 

A sentence example is "He was transparent about his feelings towards his girlfriend."

Felt experience related to the word transparent: I feel in most situations I am a transparent person. In regard to speaking how I feel despite it contradicting how others feel or believe. For example, if I think something is wrong, or don't agree with something, I will listen to the other party fully and then voice my point at the end. Additionally, I learned that to be straightforward, despite it not being the best thing to say or do. If I don't know how to do something, or if I feel something should be done, I will acknowledge it and speak up. 

Initiative is defined as the ability to assess and initiate things independently.

Similar words are resourcefulness, capability, lead, edge.

Relative to the definition, initiative refers to act or take charge before others do.

A sentence example is "She took initiative to start the group project early."

A felt experience related to initiative I can often think of is working in group projects. Every group project I have done, epically when the professor makes the groups, no one communicates with one another till last minute of when its due. I see and experience this pattern all the time, and have changed my approach by taking initiative. Especially the last two semesters, I am often the person to initiative the communication between everyone in the group and organize/structure the project for people in my group.

Words on paragraph from Growth

1. Ability

2. Aspect

Ability is defined as the possession of the means or skill to do something.

Similar words are capacity, capability, potential, power.

Relative to the definition, ability means the physical, mental, or legal power to do something.

A sentence example is "An employee has the ability to fire their employees."

Felt experience: When I think of ability and how it relates to my experiences, I consider my physical and mental abilities. To be healthy both physically and mentally to do activities, experience certain things others cannot do due disabilities or financial circumstances. 

Aspect is defined as a particular part or feature of something.

Similar words are featured facet, side, characteristic.

Relative to the definition, aspect refers to how something looks or when something is happening. 

A sentence example is "The house has a dark and aesthetic aspect look to it at night."

A felt experience related to aspect that I often think of when I see the word aspect is identity. Interpreting aspect as features, characteristics, I relate it to identity and individuality. Of what makes you different, culture, religion, community etc.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/1/2022 3:14:06
Subject: feedback: singular juxtapositions and structural spaces
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Please see Emmanuel Bazile’s exercise below.

Bazile's dichotomies are challenging juxtapositions of two word-images; two concepts; two symbols; two ideas; two words.

They are unique and only he could have chosen them. They have never been combined in this way. They are singular.

Singularity is a central aspect of globalization (please google Empire by Hardt and Negri).

These dichotomies are an assemblage, they are singular and a central aspect of the multitude which is us in the fishbowl.. 

1. conformity/opinion

2. transparent/initiative

3. ability/aspect

Feedback:

The word-pool should consist of both words in the dichotomies from which you will form a sentence structure. 

Not just one word, ‘conformity,' but both: ‘conformity' and ‘opinion.'

The new sentence structure should be formed from this inclusive and enhanced word pool that includes both words of the dichotomies.

Whenever you FORM a sentence structure emanating from both words in your dichotomy, and fit a felt-experience to it, you are creating a new knowing and knowledge content.

Emmanuel Bazile’s posting is an excellent first attempt. It gets him an A-minus. He must aim for an A and create original knowledge content. 

Aside:

I am looking at every word you post and I think about you all the time. I hold back to give you space to develop your thoughts, words and images.

I am waiting and watching your postings to inspire and enable me to write the Abstracts for EDULEARN22 (please google). The deadline is looming.

Always follow the KISS principle.

We will soon distinguish MGT345 and MGT448 and start watching films. 

Sanjiv

SINGULAR, JUXTAPOSITION, ASSEMBLAGE, MULTITUDE, EMANATE, (Please google EMPIRE BY HARDT AND NEGRI)

from the fishbowl...

emmanuelbazile

Posts: 25

Joined: Mon Jan 31, 2022 8:02 am

 emmanuelbazile » Mon Feb 28, 2022 4:45 pm

Words from paragraph on Discipline 

1. conformity

2. opinions

Conformity is defined as the compliance with standards, rules, or laws. 

Similar words and phrases are adherence, accordance with, observance, orthodoxy, obedience, allegiance, submission.

Relative to the definition of conformity, a example is a student who changes the style in which they dress because they want to look like their peers. To this extent, why do people conform? To fit in, pressure, embarrassment. 

A sentence example is "You must conform to the laws in order to have the privileges as a citizen."

Felt experience: A time I experienced conformity was when I used to do ballet. I remember the teachers stressing on reciprocating their form, positions, posture. It was as the saying, its either their way or the highway. If you did not do what they wanted, looked how they wanted in regards to weight/height, or correct techniques, they would kick you out the class. As students we had to do what they wanted, observe and repeat without input. 

Rigorous is defined as extremely thorough, exhaustive or accurate.

Similar words are meticulous, punctilious, conscientious, attentive.

Relative to the definition, rigorous implies to the imposition of hardship or difficulty. Consider an exam or physical test. 

A sentence example is "The rigors testing of consumer products."

Felt experience: Of all the times I have been challenged, I feel the most memorable rigorous experience was when I did a police academy for a summer. When I was younger I wanted to go work in the FBI or secret service, so I did a summer program where I was exposed to people I that field. I was able to meet and do training exercises with air Marshalls, fire fighters, SWAT teams, CIA and other areas of law enforcement. However, the beginning of each day began with physical training in which we would run miles and miles through trails in the woods and on the roads. Then return to do push ups, sit-ups, pull ups and exhausting excerucses. I remember this one time I was exhausted because I also have asthma, and after a run going into pushups we had to hit a certain threshold a number of certain exercises then finish drink all the water in our bottles and hold it over our heads. I remember people throwing up and just a mess, and the only thing going through my head was when I was able to go home.

emmanuelbazile

Posts: 25

Joined: Mon Jan 31, 2022 8:02 am

 emmanuelbazile » Mon Feb 28, 2022 5:38 pm

Words on paragraph from Integrity

1. Transparent

2. Initiative

Transparent is defined as allowing light to pass through so that objects behind can be distinctly seen or having thoughts, feelings, or motives that are easily perceived.

Similar words are see-through, clear, pellucid.

Relative to the definition, I interpret transparent as being clear and explicit of the truth. 

A sentence example is "He was transparent about his feelings towards his girlfriend."

Felt experience related to the word transparent: I feel in most situations I am a transparent person. In regard to speaking how I feel despite it contradicting how others feel or believe. For example, if I think something is wrong, or don't agree with something, I will listen to the other party fully and then voice my point at the end. Additionally, I learned that to be straightforward, despite it not being the best thing to say or do. If I don't know how to do something, or if I feel something should be done, I will acknowledge it and speak up. 

Initiative is defined as the ability to assess and initiate things independently.

Similar words are resourcefulness, capability, lead, edge.

Relative to the definition, initiative refers to act or take charge before others do.

A sentence example is "She took initiative to start the group project early."

A felt experience related to initiative I can often think of is working in group projects. Every group project I have done, epically when the professor makes the groups, no one communicates with one another till last minute of when its due. I see and experience this pattern all the time, and have changed my approach by taking initiative. Especially the last two semesters, I am often the person to initiative the communication between everyone in the group and organize/structure the project for people in my group.

Words on paragraph from Growth

1. Ability

2. Aspect

Ability is defined as the possession of the means or skill to do something.

Similar words are capacity, capability, potential, power.

Relative to the definition, ability means the physical, mental, or legal power to do something.

A sentence example is "An employee has the ability to fire their employees."

Felt experience: When I think of ability and how it relates to my experiences, I consider my physical and mental abilities. To be healthy both physically and mentally to do activities, experience certain things others cannot do due disabilities or financial circumstances. 

Aspect is defined as a particular part or feature of something.

Similar words are featured facet, side, characteristic.

Relative to the definition, aspect refers to how something looks or when something is happening. 

A sentence example is "The house has a dark and aesthetic aspect look to it at night."

A felt experience related to aspect that I often think of when I see the word aspect is identity. Interpreting aspect as features, characteristics, I relate it to identity and individuality. Of what makes you different, culture, religion, community etc.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/27/2022 23:07:06
Subject: Regarding Exercise: Assess Your Learning Through Self-Realization
------------------------------------------------------------
Good Evening Jason,

Thank you for your email. 

The exercise is to show that we learn through self-realization.

The dictionary tells us, to realize something imagined is to convert it into real existence or fact.

1. 

Pick two words from your reflection written on the word Discipline.

That is, go to your paragraph on Discipline.

Randomly select two words from your paragraph and put them side by side and create a dichotomy.

The two words must not be related in any way. So don’t pick blue/sky or green/grass or good/boy.

If the two words are related, your realization is trivial and commonplace. 

2.

Deconstruct the words in your dichotomy.

I am presuming you know how to do that.

That is, from the dictionary and thesaurus, take your two words further by sorting, sifting, and selecting words and create a pool of words.

From this pool of words, construct a sentence.

If you are not satisfied with your constructed sentence, deconstruct the words in your pool further, that is, take the words further, until you create a sentence that you like.

This sentence is an abstraction. There is no first person in it. No Jason in it. It is a generalization.

3. 

Fit a felt-experience to your constructed and created sentence.

The felt-experience is a personal experience from your past. It is your reflection.

4. 

Do the same process for your paragraphs on Growth and Integrity.

I hope my clarification helps. It is like a word-game.

It is to be simple, satisfying and original to you.

It will be a learning experience for your readers and viewers.

It is being a leader, an innovator, and an educator.

Best wishes. I hope you are keeping well.

Sanjiv

On Feb 28, 2022, at 2:48 AM, Jason Rosati <jasonrosati@uri.edu> wrote:

Good Afternoon Dr. Dugal,

 

I have read over this letter many times. I am still not fully understanding what is to be done. I did the vocabulary and google searches for this letter. Next, I believe this is explaining how we are supposed to do the deep thinking felt experiences. Is that correct? Should we be doing one with this letter, or is this just explaining how they will be done in future letters to come? Please advise me because I do not want to feel lost and behind. Thank you for your time!

 

Sincerely,

Jason Rosati

 

 

 

 

From: Sanjiv Dugal

Sent: Thursday, February 24, 2022 7:12 AM

To: Sanjiv Dugal

Subject: Exercise: Assess Your Learning Through Self-Realization

 

Hi Everyone,

How do we assess our learning through realization?

The How So question. I follow the same procedure that you are being asked to do, and wrap-up a procedure for the Abstract for EDULEARN22. PLease pay close attention and follow the procedure for yourself and post in the fishbowl.

I. Looking up Meaning of Words

First, look up the meaning of REALIZATION and write it down, so that you know what is being asked.

The Oxford English Dictionary defines the word "realise" (also spelt "realize") as "to convert (something imagined, planned, etc.) into real existence or fact.”

In linguistics, realization is the process by which some kind of SURFACE REPRESENTATION is derived from its UNDERLYING representation; that is, the way in which some abstract object of linguistic analysis comes to be produced in actual language. 

Realization is also a subtask of 'natural language generation' (NLG), which involves creating an actual text in a human language (English, French, etc.) from a syntactic (SYNTAX) representation. There are a number of software packages available for realization, most of which have been developed by academic research groups in NLG (please google). 

Also, have the meaning of Assess and Learning at hand from the previous letter, if you haven’t already done so.

II. Steps for Making Sense

I have copied out Julia DiGrazia’s posting below as an example, and I am going to “play” the role of Julia, and address the question: what have I realized from my felt experience and knowledge creation of the word: Integrity. In the words from above, what is the underlying representation of her text? How was her actual text produced from a syntactic representation?

"Integrity: Integrity can be defined as, the quality of moral consistency, honesty and truthfulness with oneself and others. Integrity is all about being honest and morals and that is why I feel as though this definition describes the word best. Integrity is a very deep and powerful word and I feel that is can be described in many different ways. In a way, integrity appeals to my emotions. (Julia DiGrazia, Spring, 2021)

I randomly select two words from her paragraph above and write them down as a DICHOTOMY. Tip: the selected words should be different from each other and not related. NO adjectives and words that challenge you to construct meaning by putting them side by side

Moral Consistency/Emotions. 

I create this dichotomy intuitively, for there is no right nor wrong. I am to make-sense of the words in the dichotomy and their association, aka “sense-making.” (Please google KARL WEICK AND SENSE-MAKING). 

I go into the dictionary and deconstruct both words of my self-generated dichotomy, and put them together into a self-constucted structure of words. 

Finally, from this self-constructed structure of words, I ‘fit' a felt-experience and make-sense of what I have realized.

III. Example of Exercise

moral consistency/emotion

moral:

1. concerned with the principles of right and wrong behavior and the goodness or badness of human character

2. holding or manifesting high principles for proper conduct

consistency:

1. conformity in the application of something, typically that which is necessary for the sake of logic, accuracy, or fairness: the grading system is to be streamlined to ensure greater consistency. 

• the achievement of a level of performance that does not vary greatly in quality over time

emotion:

a natural instinctive state of mind deriving from one's circumstances, mood, or relationships with others: 

• instinctive or intuitive feeling as distinguished from reasoning or knowledge:

IV. Constructing, Creating Knowledge and a Knowing

I construct the following structure: 

"conforming to principles provides a space for instinctive feelings as distinguished from reasoning or knowledge.”

I take the words further from this structure, if need be, and create simpler structures through selection and substitution, until a felt-experience is naturally and easily evoked. 

Finally, I FIT my felt-experience to the final structure. This ‘fitting' is key if I don’t want my sense-making to be mumbo-jumbo.

"I stood in line at the coffee exchange, and when i reached the end of the line the conformity of choices allowed me to make a decision instinctly. I started out thinking I’d have a latte but had a dark roast instead."

“It’s like a simple word-game,” Julia said. “Yes, indeed,” Sanjiv replied.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

juliadigrazia

Posts: 27

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 9:42 am

Post by juliadigrazia » Tue Feb 22, 2022 11:20 pm

Growth: One definition of the word growth that I found that really stuck with me is, growth is defined as the potential to cultivate inner potentialities seek out optimal challenges and integrate new experiences into the self-concept. This definition for the word growth really puts the word into perspective and defines it in a way that makes sense and stands out from the other definitions. Other definitions of the word include the process of increasing in physical size and a stage or condition in increasing, developing or maturing. To me, those definitions are not as deep as the first one I mentioned. The first definition really stuck with me.

Discipline: A definition for the word discipline is, training that is designed to establish desired habits of mind and behavior. I really like this definition because when someone thinks of the word discipline this is definitely not the first definition that comes to mind for them. A definition that is more common is the practice of training people to obey rules or a code behavior by using punishment to correct disobedience. I am not a big fan of this definition and that is why I picked the first definition and why I like it so much.

Integrity: Integrity can be defined as, the quality of moral consistency, honesty and truthfulness with oneself and others. Integrity is all about being honest and morals and that is why I feel as though this definition describes the word best. Integrity is a very deep and powerful word and I feel that is can be described in many different ways. In a way, integrity appeals to my emotions.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/27/2022 23:05:44
Subject: Regarding Exercise: Assess Your Learning Through Self-Realization
------------------------------------------------------------
Good Evening Jason,

Thank you for your email. 

The exercise is to show that we learn through self-realization.

The dictionary tells us, to realize something imagined is to convert it into real existence or fact.

1. 

Pick two words from your reflection written on the word Discipline.

That is, go to your paragraph on Discipline.

Randomly select two words from your paragraph and put them side by side and create a dichotomy.

The two words must not be related in any way. So don’t pick blue/sky or green/grass or good/boy.

If the two words are related, your realization is trivial and commonplace. 

2.

Deconstruct the words in your dichotomy.

I am presuming you know how to do that.

That is, from the dictionary and thesaurus, take your two words further by sorting, sifting, and selecting words and create a pool of words.

From this pool of words, construct a sentence.

If you are not satisfied with your constructed sentence, deconstruct the words in your pool further, that is, take the words further, until you create a sentence that you like.

This sentence is an abstraction. There is no first person in it. No Jason in it. It is a generalization.

3. 

Fit a felt-experience to your constructed and created sentence.

The felt-experience is a personal experience from your past. It is your reflection.

4. 

Do the same process for your paragraphs on Growth and Integrity.

I hope my clarification helps. It is like a word-game.

It is to be simple, satisfying and original to you.

It will be a learning experience for your readers and viewers.

It is being a leader, an innovator, and an educator.

Best wishes. I hope you are keeping well.

Sanjiv

On Feb 28, 2022, at 2:48 AM, Jason Rosati <jasonrosati@uri.edu> wrote:

Good Afternoon Dr. Dugal,

 

I have read over this letter many times. I am still not fully understanding what is to be done. I did the vocabulary and google searches for this letter. Next, I believe this is explaining how we are supposed to do the deep thinking felt experiences. Is that correct? Should we be doing one with this letter, or is this just explaining how they will be done in future letters to come? Please advise me because I do not want to feel lost and behind. Thank you for your time!

 

Sincerely,

Jason Rosati

 

 

 

 

From: Sanjiv Dugal

Sent: Thursday, February 24, 2022 7:12 AM

To: Sanjiv Dugal

Subject: Exercise: Assess Your Learning Through Self-Realization

 

Hi Everyone,

How do we assess our learning through realization?

The How So question. I follow the same procedure that you are being asked to do, and wrap-up a procedure for the Abstract for EDULEARN22. PLease pay close attention and follow the procedure for yourself and post in the fishbowl.

I. Looking up Meaning of Words

First, look up the meaning of REALIZATION and write it down, so that you know what is being asked.

The Oxford English Dictionary defines the word "realise" (also spelt "realize") as "to convert (something imagined, planned, etc.) into real existence or fact.”

In linguistics, realization is the process by which some kind of SURFACE REPRESENTATION is derived from its UNDERLYING representation; that is, the way in which some abstract object of linguistic analysis comes to be produced in actual language. 

Realization is also a subtask of 'natural language generation' (NLG), which involves creating an actual text in a human language (English, French, etc.) from a syntactic (SYNTAX) representation. There are a number of software packages available for realization, most of which have been developed by academic research groups in NLG (please google). 

Also, have the meaning of Assess and Learning at hand from the previous letter, if you haven’t already done so.

II. Steps for Making Sense

I have copied out Julia DiGrazia’s posting below as an example, and I am going to “play” the role of Julia, and address the question: what have I realized from my felt experience and knowledge creation of the word: Integrity. In the words from above, what is the underlying representation of her text? How was her actual text produced from a syntactic representation?

"Integrity: Integrity can be defined as, the quality of moral consistency, honesty and truthfulness with oneself and others. Integrity is all about being honest and morals and that is why I feel as though this definition describes the word best. Integrity is a very deep and powerful word and I feel that is can be described in many different ways. In a way, integrity appeals to my emotions. (Julia DiGrazia, Spring, 2021)

I randomly select two words from her paragraph above and write them down as a DICHOTOMY. Tip: the selected words should be different from each other and not related. NO adjectives and words that challenge you to construct meaning by putting them side by side

Moral Consistency/Emotions. 

I create this dichotomy intuitively, for there is no right nor wrong. I am to make-sense of the words in the dichotomy and their association, aka “sense-making.” (Please google KARL WEICK AND SENSE-MAKING). 

I go into the dictionary and deconstruct both words of my self-generated dichotomy, and put them together into a self-constucted structure of words. 

Finally, from this self-constructed structure of words, I ‘fit' a felt-experience and make-sense of what I have realized.

III. Example of Exercise

moral consistency/emotion

moral:

1. concerned with the principles of right and wrong behavior and the goodness or badness of human character

2. holding or manifesting high principles for proper conduct

consistency:

1. conformity in the application of something, typically that which is necessary for the sake of logic, accuracy, or fairness: the grading system is to be streamlined to ensure greater consistency. 

• the achievement of a level of performance that does not vary greatly in quality over time

emotion:

a natural instinctive state of mind deriving from one's circumstances, mood, or relationships with others: 

• instinctive or intuitive feeling as distinguished from reasoning or knowledge:

IV. Constructing, Creating Knowledge and a Knowing

I construct the following structure: 

"conforming to principles provides a space for instinctive feelings as distinguished from reasoning or knowledge.”

I take the words further from this structure, if need be, and create simpler structures through selection and substitution, until a felt-experience is naturally and easily evoked. 

Finally, I FIT my felt-experience to the final structure. This ‘fitting' is key if I don’t want my sense-making to be mumbo-jumbo.

"I stood in line at the coffee exchange, and when i reached the end of the line the conformity of choices allowed me to make a decision instinctly. I started out thinking I’d have a latte but had a dark roast instead."

“It’s like a simple word-game,” Julia said. “Yes, indeed,” Sanjiv replied.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

juliadigrazia

Posts: 27

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 9:42 am

Post by juliadigrazia » Tue Feb 22, 2022 11:20 pm

Growth: One definition of the word growth that I found that really stuck with me is, growth is defined as the potential to cultivate inner potentialities seek out optimal challenges and integrate new experiences into the self-concept. This definition for the word growth really puts the word into perspective and defines it in a way that makes sense and stands out from the other definitions. Other definitions of the word include the process of increasing in physical size and a stage or condition in increasing, developing or maturing. To me, those definitions are not as deep as the first one I mentioned. The first definition really stuck with me.

Discipline: A definition for the word discipline is, training that is designed to establish desired habits of mind and behavior. I really like this definition because when someone thinks of the word discipline this is definitely not the first definition that comes to mind for them. A definition that is more common is the practice of training people to obey rules or a code behavior by using punishment to correct disobedience. I am not a big fan of this definition and that is why I picked the first definition and why I like it so much.

Integrity: Integrity can be defined as, the quality of moral consistency, honesty and truthfulness with oneself and others. Integrity is all about being honest and morals and that is why I feel as though this definition describes the word best. Integrity is a very deep and powerful word and I feel that is can be described in many different ways. In a way, integrity appeals to my emotions.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/24/2022 12:13:48
Subject: Exercise: Assess Your Learning Through Self-Realization
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How do we assess our learning through realization?

The How So question. I follow the same procedure that you are being asked to do, and wrap-up a procedure for the Abstract for EDULEARN22. PLease pay close attention and follow the procedure for yourself and post in the fishbowl.

I. Looking up Meaning of Words

First, look up the meaning of REALIZATION and write it down, so that you know what is being asked.

The Oxford English Dictionary defines the word "realise" (also spelt "realize") as "to convert (something imagined, planned, etc.) into real existence or fact.”

In linguistics, realization is the process by which some kind of SURFACE REPRESENTATION is derived from its UNDERLYING representation; that is, the way in which some abstract object of linguistic analysis comes to be produced in actual language. 

Realization is also a subtask of 'natural language generation' (NLG), which involves creating an actual text in a human language (English, French, etc.) from a syntactic (SYNTAX) representation. There are a number of software packages available for realization, most of which have been developed by academic research groups in NLG (please google). 

Also, have the meaning of Assess and Learning at hand from the previous letter, if you haven’t already done so.

II. Steps for Making Sense

I have copied out Julia DiGrazia’s posting below as an example, and I am going to “play” the role of Julia, and address the question: what have I realized from my felt experience and knowledge creation of the word: Integrity. In the words from above, what is the underlying representation of her text? How was her actual text produced from a syntactic representation?

"Integrity: Integrity can be defined as, the quality of moral consistency, honesty and truthfulness with oneself and others. Integrity is all about being honest and morals and that is why I feel as though this definition describes the word best. Integrity is a very deep and powerful word and I feel that is can be described in many different ways. In a way, integrity appeals to my emotions. (Julia DiGrazia, Spring, 2021)

I randomly select two words from her paragraph above and write them down as a DICHOTOMY. Tip: the selected words should be different from each other and not related. NO adjectives and words that challenge you to construct meaning by putting them side by side

Moral Consistency/Emotions. 

I create this dichotomy intuitively, for there is no right nor wrong. I am to make-sense of the words in the dichotomy and their association, aka “sense-making.” (Please google KARL WEICK AND SENSE-MAKING). 

I go into the dictionary and deconstruct both words of my self-generated dichotomy, and put them together into a self-constucted structure of words. 

Finally, from this self-constructed structure of words, I ‘fit' a felt-experience and make-sense of what I have realized.

III. Example of Exercise

moral consistency/emotion

moral:

1. concerned with the principles of right and wrong behavior and the goodness or badness of human character

2. holding or manifesting high principles for proper conduct

consistency:

1. conformity in the application of something, typically that which is necessary for the sake of logic, accuracy, or fairness: the grading system is to be streamlined to ensure greater consistency. 

• the achievement of a level of performance that does not vary greatly in quality over time

emotion:

a natural instinctive state of mind deriving from one's circumstances, mood, or relationships with others: 

• instinctive or intuitive feeling as distinguished from reasoning or knowledge:

IV. Constructing, Creating Knowledge and a Knowing

I construct the following structure: 

"conforming to principles provides a space for instinctive feelings as distinguished from reasoning or knowledge.”

I take the words further from this structure, if need be, and create simpler structures through selection and substitution, until a felt-experience is naturally and easily evoked. 

Finally, I FIT my felt-experience to the final structure. This ‘fitting' is key if I don’t want my sense-making to be mumbo-jumbo.

"I stood in line at the coffee exchange, and when i reached the end of the line the conformity of choices allowed me to make a decision instinctly. I started out thinking I’d have a latte but had a dark roast instead."

“It’s like a simple word-game,” Julia said. “Yes, indeed,” Sanjiv replied.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

juliadigrazia

Posts: 27

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 9:42 am

Post by juliadigrazia » Tue Feb 22, 2022 11:20 pm

Growth: One definition of the word growth that I found that really stuck with me is, growth is defined as the potential to cultivate inner potentialities seek out optimal challenges and integrate new experiences into the self-concept. This definition for the word growth really puts the word into perspective and defines it in a way that makes sense and stands out from the other definitions. Other definitions of the word include the process of increasing in physical size and a stage or condition in increasing, developing or maturing. To me, those definitions are not as deep as the first one I mentioned. The first definition really stuck with me.

Discipline: A definition for the word discipline is, training that is designed to establish desired habits of mind and behavior. I really like this definition because when someone thinks of the word discipline this is definitely not the first definition that comes to mind for them. A definition that is more common is the practice of training people to obey rules or a code behavior by using punishment to correct disobedience. I am not a big fan of this definition and that is why I picked the first definition and why I like it so much.

Integrity: Integrity can be defined as, the quality of moral consistency, honesty and truthfulness with oneself and others. Integrity is all about being honest and morals and that is why I feel as though this definition describes the word best. Integrity is a very deep and powerful word and I feel that is can be described in many different ways. In a way, integrity appeals to my emotions.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/24/2022 12:13:03
Subject: Exercise: Assess Your Learning Through Self-Realization
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How do we assess our learning through realization?

The How So question. I follow the same procedure that you are being asked to do, and wrap-up a procedure for the Abstract for EDULEARN22. PLease pay close attention and follow the procedure for yourself and post in the fishbowl.

I. Looking up Meaning of Words

First, look up the meaning of REALIZATION and write it down, so that you know what is being asked.

The Oxford English Dictionary defines the word "realise" (also spelt "realize") as "to convert (something imagined, planned, etc.) into real existence or fact.”

In linguistics, realization is the process by which some kind of SURFACE REPRESENTATION is derived from its UNDERLYING representation; that is, the way in which some abstract object of linguistic analysis comes to be produced in actual language. 

Realization is also a subtask of 'natural language generation' (NLG), which involves creating an actual text in a human language (English, French, etc.) from a syntactic (SYNTAX) representation. There are a number of software packages available for realization, most of which have been developed by academic research groups in NLG (please google). 

Also, have the meaning of Assess and Learning at hand from the previous letter, if you haven’t already done so.

II. Steps for Making Sense

I have copied out Julia DiGrazia’s posting below as an example, and I am going to “play” the role of Julia, and address the question: what have I realized from my felt experience and knowledge creation of the word: Integrity. In the words from above, what is the underlying representation of her text? How was her actual text produced from a syntactic representation?

"Integrity: Integrity can be defined as, the quality of moral consistency, honesty and truthfulness with oneself and others. Integrity is all about being honest and morals and that is why I feel as though this definition describes the word best. Integrity is a very deep and powerful word and I feel that is can be described in many different ways. In a way, integrity appeals to my emotions. (Julia DiGrazia, Spring, 2021)

I randomly select two words from her paragraph above and write them down as a DICHOTOMY. Tip: the selected words should be different from each other and not related. NO adjectives and words that challenge you to construct meaning by putting them side by side

Moral Consistency/Emotions. 

I create this dichotomy intuitively, for there is no right nor wrong. I am to make-sense of the words in the dichotomy and their association, aka “sense-making.” (Please google KARL WEICK AND SENSE-MAKING). 

I go into the dictionary and deconstruct both words of my self-generated dichotomy, and put them together into a self-constucted structure of words. 

Finally, from this self-constructed structure of words, I ‘fit' a felt-experience and make-sense of what I have realized.

III. Example of Exercise

moral consistency/emotion

moral:

1. concerned with the principles of right and wrong behavior and the goodness or badness of human character

2. holding or manifesting high principles for proper conduct

consistency:

1. conformity in the application of something, typically that which is necessary for the sake of logic, accuracy, or fairness: the grading system is to be streamlined to ensure greater consistency. 

• the achievement of a level of performance that does not vary greatly in quality over time

emotion:

a natural instinctive state of mind deriving from one's circumstances, mood, or relationships with others: 

• instinctive or intuitive feeling as distinguished from reasoning or knowledge:

IV. Constructing, Creating Knowledge and a Knowing

I construct the following structure: 

"conforming to principles provides a space for instinctive feelings as distinguished from reasoning or knowledge.”

I take the words further from this structure, if need be, and create simpler structures through selection and substitution, until a felt-experience is naturally and easily evoked. 

Finally, I FIT my felt-experience to the final structure. This ‘fitting' is key if I don’t want my sense-making to be mumbo-jumbo.

"I stood in line at the coffee exchange, and when i reached the end of the line the conformity of choices allowed me to make a decision instinctly. I started out thinking I’d have a latte but had a dark roast instead."

“It’s like a simple word-game,” Julia said. “Yes, indeed,” Sanjiv replied.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

juliadigrazia

Posts: 27

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 9:42 am

Post by juliadigrazia » Tue Feb 22, 2022 11:20 pm

Growth: One definition of the word growth that I found that really stuck with me is, growth is defined as the potential to cultivate inner potentialities seek out optimal challenges and integrate new experiences into the self-concept. This definition for the word growth really puts the word into perspective and defines it in a way that makes sense and stands out from the other definitions. Other definitions of the word include the process of increasing in physical size and a stage or condition in increasing, developing or maturing. To me, those definitions are not as deep as the first one I mentioned. The first definition really stuck with me.

Discipline: A definition for the word discipline is, training that is designed to establish desired habits of mind and behavior. I really like this definition because when someone thinks of the word discipline this is definitely not the first definition that comes to mind for them. A definition that is more common is the practice of training people to obey rules or a code behavior by using punishment to correct disobedience. I am not a big fan of this definition and that is why I picked the first definition and why I like it so much.

Integrity: Integrity can be defined as, the quality of moral consistency, honesty and truthfulness with oneself and others. Integrity is all about being honest and morals and that is why I feel as though this definition describes the word best. Integrity is a very deep and powerful word and I feel that is can be described in many different ways. In a way, integrity appeals to my emotions.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/23/2022 4:03:25
Subject: tips for creating and constructing structures
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. I would like you to know that I don’t experience the fishbowl as stressful. I experience it as a space where I can be with myself in solitude, away from all the uncertainty that engulfs me. I experience it as the only space where I have control over my thoughts and the direction I wish to take my learning, unshackled from anything anyone else would like. I hope it is the same for you, because I don’t distinguish myself from you in this regard.

I am thinking of working on two Abstracts for the EDULEARN22 conference, and will forward you the latest call for papers from them. The Abstracts will be generated from our postings thus far in the fishbowl. The topic on Assessment of Learning (please see letter) will definitely be one of them. Be sure to address the letter, particularly if you wish to co-author the abstract. You don’t have to do anything outside what you are doing: vocabulary, google searches and felt-experiences.

Some tips when creating things out of thin air, and constructing knowledge and knowing, largely from your imagination:

Start with one word.

Look up its meaning from the Dictionary.

Write out the definition (sentence structure) from the dictionary.

Take the definition further by looking up the meaning of the key words in the above sentence structure.

Substitute the words in the original sentence and let the structure and meaning of the sentence evolve.

Keep repeating this process and save all the sentences that keep changing, until you reduce it down to its simplest form that you are comfortable with.

The felt-experience and reflection on this last sentence will come to you naturally without any difficulty because it is a simple structure of words.

The above felt-experience and reflection does not have to be profound. In fact it is most profound when you touch on the mundane and banal, because that alone resonates with your viewers and their learning in turn can begin.

The more you do the above: deconstruction and reflexivity, that is, the better you get at creating original knowledge content and a knowing from your experience.

After this process of sorting, sifting and selecting words, and the simpler is the sentence that you arrive at, the greater is its resonance with your viewers.

You become a machine that generates words. 

Words are ideas.

Words are symbols.

Words are metaphors.

Words are images.

Sanjiv

ps: please don’t have irrational fears regarding the grading in the course. So long as you do the vocabulary, you will get a B. Everything more than that, raises your grade. The straight-A is where the competition plays out, and my work lies in distinguishing them.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/23/2022 4:02:45
Subject: tips for creating and constructing structures
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. I would like you to know that I don’t experience the fishbowl as stressful. I experience it as a space where I can be with myself in solitude, away from all the uncertainty that engulfs me. I experience it as the only space where I have control over my thoughts and the direction I wish to take my learning, unshackled from anything anyone else would like. I hope it is the same for you, because I don’t distinguish myself from you in this regard.

I am thinking of working on two Abstracts for the EDULEARN22 conference, and will forward you the latest call for papers from them. The Abstracts will be generated from our postings thus far in the fishbowl. The topic on Assessment of Learning (please see letter) will definitely be one of them. Be sure to address the letter, particularly if you wish to co-author the abstract. You don’t have to do anything outside what you are doing: vocabulary, google searches and felt-experiences.

Some tips when creating things out of thin air, and constructing knowledge and knowing, largely from your imagination:

Start with one word.

Look up its meaning from the Dictionary.

Write out the definition (sentence structure) from the dictionary.

Take the definition further by looking up the meaning of the key words in the above sentence structure.

Substitute the words in the original sentence and let the structure and meaning of the sentence evolve.

Keep repeating this process and save all the sentences that keep changing, until you reduce it down to its simplest form that you are comfortable with.

The felt-experience and reflection on this last sentence will come to you naturally without any difficulty because it is a simple structure of words.

The above felt-experience and reflection does not have to be profound. In fact it is most profound when you touch on the mundane and banal, because that alone resonates with your viewers and their learning in turn can begin.

The more you do the above: deconstruction and reflexivity, that is, the better you get at creating original knowledge content and a knowing from your experience.

After this process of sorting, sifting and selecting words, and the simpler is the sentence that you arrive at, the greater is its resonance with your viewers.

You become a machine that generates words. 

Words are ideas.

Words are symbols.

Words are metaphors.

Words are images.

Sanjiv

ps: please don’t have irrational fears regarding the grading in the course. So long as you do the vocabulary, you will get a B. Everything more than that, raises your grade. The straight-A is where the competition plays out, and my work lies in distinguishing them.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/22/2022 3:25:34
Subject: Exercise on Assessment
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

I. Exercise on Assessment

I am Engaging with the question of Assessing our work in the fishbowl, in the same manner as you are Engaging with your Learning in MGT345 and MGT448.

Your Grade is an ASSESSMENT of your LEARNING. We are looking to ENGAGE with the meaning of these words and our EXPERIENCE of them in a digital environment aka the fishbowl.

Assessment is defined in the dictionary as the EVALUATION or ESTIMATION of the NATURE, QUALITY or ABILITY of someone (the Self) or something (our postings in the fishbowl). 

An assessment of KNOWLEDGE and KNOWING is the process of using EVIDENCE to UNDERSTAND and IMPROVE learning in the fishbowl. 

Most important, assessment is an IDENTIFICATION of SYMPTOMS that provides information about gaps in learning and can be used to TAILOR EFFORTS for improvement.

Let me say it in other words. 

Our self-assessment is a structured process (vocabulary, google searches, felt-experiences and exercises) which, 

we post to effectively MEASURE, 

whether or not, 

we are achieving key learning outcomes in the fishbowl, and 

to use the findings of this measurement, 

to make EFFECTIVE INTERVENTIONS for improving learning in the fishbowl.

In a nutshell, we are using four assessment methods: 

Diagnostic (identification of problem), 

Formative (development of knowledge), 

Interim (intervention), and 

Final assessment (use of a benchmark).

The Final assessment contrasts with Formative assessment which summarizes one's development at a particular time. 

The goal of our Final assessment is to evaluate our learning at the end of the semester by comparing it against a standard or benchmark. 

The Final assessment usually involves a comparison and contrast that indicates our level of performance. 

Final assessments are weighted more than formative assessments.

II. Setting the Stage

We use theatre as our metaphor in a digital environment.

Social structures like teacher/student and actor/audience are erased.

We are producing a script through performance writing.

Interplay of words through cooperation and collaboration to create original work.

We enter the unknown through words.

We are looking at each other, looking at each other.

Looking at you looking at me looking at you.

We are using the following methodologies:

Reflexivity

Participant Observation

Symbolic Interactionism

Social Constructivism

Discourse Analysis

Post-structuralism

Our purpose is to experience business by creating added-value in our Society and Culture aka the fishbowl.

Our process is straightforward:

Vocabulary

Google searches

Felt-experiences

Exercises, like Assessment above

Our practice:

Constructing structures of words

Reading each others structures for added-value.

III. Finally

We are a SOCIAL and a SYSTEM, with a DESIGN and a STRUCTURE.

Our goal is for the assignment on Assessment and on Taking-Making Notes to be peer reviewed by the accredited international conference EDULEARN22.

We will be submitting two abstracts by the due date.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/22/2022 3:24:57
Subject: Exercise on Assessment
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

I. Exercise on Assessment

I am Engaging with the question of Assessing our work in the fishbowl, in the same manner as you are Engaging with your Learning in MGT345 and MGT448.

Your Grade is an ASSESSMENT of your LEARNING. We are looking to ENGAGE with the meaning of these words and our EXPERIENCE of them in a digital environment aka the fishbowl.

Assessment is defined in the dictionary as the EVALUATION or ESTIMATION of the NATURE, QUALITY or ABILITY of someone (the Self) or something (our postings in the fishbowl). 

An assessment of KNOWLEDGE and KNOWING is the process of using EVIDENCE to UNDERSTAND and IMPROVE learning in the fishbowl. 

Most important, assessment is an IDENTIFICATION of SYMPTOMS that provides information about gaps in learning and can be used to TAILOR EFFORTS for improvement.

Let me say it in other words. 

Our self-assessment is a structured process (vocabulary, google searches, felt-experiences and exercises) which, 

we post to effectively MEASURE, 

whether or not, 

we are achieving key learning outcomes in the fishbowl, and 

to use the findings of this measurement, 

to make EFFECTIVE INTERVENTIONS for improving learning in the fishbowl.

In a nutshell, we are using four assessment methods: 

Diagnostic (identification of problem), 

Formative (development of knowledge), 

Interim (intervention), and 

Final assessment (use of a benchmark).

The Final assessment contrasts with Formative assessment which summarizes one's development at a particular time. 

The goal of our Final assessment is to evaluate our learning at the end of the semester by comparing it against a standard or benchmark. 

The Final assessment usually involves a comparison and contrast that indicates our level of performance. 

Final assessments are weighted more than formative assessments.

II. Setting the Stage

We use theatre as our metaphor in a digital environment.

Social structures like teacher/student and actor/audience are erased.

We are producing a script through performance writing.

Interplay of words through cooperation and collaboration to create original work.

We enter the unknown through words.

We are looking at each other, looking at each other.

Looking at you looking at me looking at you.

We are using the following methodologies:

Reflexivity

Participant Observation

Symbolic Interactionism

Social Constructivism

Discourse Analysis

Post-structuralism

Our purpose is to experience business by creating added-value in our Society and Culture aka the fishbowl.

Our process is straightforward:

Vocabulary

Google searches

Felt-experiences

Exercises, like Assessment above

Our practice:

Constructing structures of words

Reading each others structures for added-value.

III. Finally

We are a SOCIAL and a SYSTEM, with a DESIGN and a STRUCTURE.

Our goal is for the assignment on Assessment and on Taking-Making Notes to be peer reviewed by the accredited international conference EDULEARN22.

We will be submitting two abstracts by the due date.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/20/2022 23:14:59
Subject: the second round after theory
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

In the second round, think of Growth, Discipline and Integrity in terms of the Self. You may apply these three words to thoughts on your (the Self's) pandemic experience, the sports you play, the school work you do, the vocabulary you post, and so on.

Consider these three words in terms of the self-in-formation. When you describe the STRUGGLE of the Self-in-formation, you are projecting images of your Self. Your examples and descriptions are essential for the formation of society and the culture of the group.

The self-in-formation seeks to describe ESSENTIAL QUALITIES that CONSTITUTE a person's uniqueness or essential being. There have been various approaches to defining these qualities. 

The self can be considered that being which is the source of CONSCIOUSNESS, the agent responsible for an individual's thoughts and actions, or the SUBSTANTIAL NATURE of a person which ENDURES and UNIFIES consciousness over time.

Consciousness is key. The self is an individual person as the OBJECT of its own reflective consciousness.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/20/2022 23:14:18
Subject: the second round after theory
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

In the second round, think of Growth, Discipline and Integrity in terms of the Self. You may apply these three words to thoughts on your (the Self's) pandemic experience, the sports you play, the school work you do, the vocabulary you post, and so on.

Consider these three words in terms of the self-in-formation. When you describe the STRUGGLE of the Self-in-formation, you are projecting images of your Self. Your examples and descriptions are essential for the formation of society and the culture of the group.

The self-in-formation seeks to describe ESSENTIAL QUALITIES that CONSTITUTE a person's uniqueness or essential being. There have been various approaches to defining these qualities. 

The self can be considered that being which is the source of CONSCIOUSNESS, the agent responsible for an individual's thoughts and actions, or the SUBSTANTIAL NATURE of a person which ENDURES and UNIFIES consciousness over time.

Consciousness is key. The self is an individual person as the OBJECT of its own reflective consciousness.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/20/2022 15:46:30
Subject: self-empowerment
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Please see XXXX posting below. Time, Labor and Thought have been put into the Design of 3 concepts: Growth, Discipline and Integrity.

Aside: Even though I have looked up the meaning of the following words (labor, thought, design, concept and time) a thousand times, I will do so again and again, to have what we call, 'an open mind’ to further my understanding. In other words, whenever the Titanic is sinking, grab the dictionary!

However, the three well considered concepts below don't make the A category because the text is not EMPOWERED. 

From wikipedia:

Empowerment is the degree of autonomy and self-determination in people and in communities. This enables them to represent their interests in a responsible and self-determined way, acting on their own authority. It is the process of becoming stronger and more confident, especially in controlling one's life and claiming one's rights. Empowerment as action refers both to the process of self-empowerment and to professional support of people, which enables them to overcome their sense of powerlessness and lack of influence, and to recognize and use their resources.

So How do you empower your text? The question: How so?

In the 1980s, getting in touch with your feelings was a predominant lesson, particularly for men. Today, it is getting in touch with your images. Getting in touch with your images is big if you want to empower your text. For, analytical text is being done by computers, algorithms, robots and artificial intelligence.

Thought-images are like clouds that FLEET through our MINDSCAPE. They are EPHEMERAL and ETHEREAL in nature and they are unique to you. No one can originate them, except yourself.

It requires being in touch with your images.

How so?

You have to CAPTURE the fleeting thought-image. It requires going back into a past INCIDENT and let it EVOKE your images of the concept/word. DESCRIBE the image and RELATE the EVENT that is personal to you.

In the second round, pose the question How so? for each phrase that you wrote in the first round. The phrases where you can’t answer How so, delete them. They don’t empower your text.

Give it a shot. Don’t be fearful. The image for discipline that comes to my mind is the one I sent in my previous email. I think of ISIS and Afghanistan and it empowers my text when describing discipline, because I can write about the enormity of the threat that is being faced.

Please remember there is no right nor wrong. You are sharing your images and your imagination. This sharing is big in the digital environment. 

Sanjiv

AUTONOMY, SELF-DETERMINATION

from the fishbowl...

XXXX

Posts: 31

Joined: Tue Jan 25, 2022 11:29 am

XXXX » Sat Feb 19, 2022 1:07 pm

Growth: the process in people, animals or plants of growing physically, mentally or emotionally. The process of increasing in physical size. Some synonyms for growth are advancement, expansion, gain, increase, and improvement. People are constantly growing throughout their life both physically and mentally, and it is extremely important. Personal growth can mean personal development, self-help, self-growth and improvement. Successful personal growth is not only about value to your own life, but value to those around you and the society. For example, when you are in school and start a new course, you may not be educated on any of the information. But as the semester goes along, we grow and learn to master the topics. 

Discipline: the practice of training people to obey rules and orders and punishing them if they do not; the controlled behavior or situation that is the result of this training. Some synonyms are control, development, practice, regulation, and restraint. Discipline is important in every aspect of life in order to be successful and free, and it allows one to have power and control in life. It creates habits, habits make routines, and routines become who you are daily. Good discipline is important within school because it causes you to become a good student and a lifelong learner. 

Integrity: the quality of being honest and having strong moral principles. Some synonyms are honesty, purity, sincerity and virtue. to have integrity means that a person is self-aware, accountable, responsible, and truthful and that their actions are internally consistent. In the workforce, integrity is the foundation on which coworkers build relationships and trust, and it is one of the fundamental values that employers seek in the employees that they hire. 

Growth, Discipline, and Integrity all go hand in hand in becoming a good person. You learn to be disciplined as a child, and as you grow, you learn integrity. In order to be successful in school, work or life in general, it is important to master and keep these three concepts in mind at all times.

XXXX

From the dictionary...

dis·ci·pline| ˈdisəplən | 

noun

1 the practice of training people to obey rules or a code of behavior, using punishment to correct disobedience: a lack of proper parental and school discipline.

 

• the controlled behavior resulting from discipline: he was able to maintain discipline among his men.

 

• activity or experience that provides mental or physical training: the tariqa offered spiritual discipline | Kung fu is a discipline open to old and young.

 

• a system of rules of conduct: he doesn't have to submit to normal disciplines.

 

2 a branch of knowledge, typically one studied in higher education: sociology is a fairly new discipline. 

verb [with object] 

train (someone) to obey rules or a code of behavior, using punishment to correct disobedience: many parents have been afraid to discipline their children.

 

• punish or rebuke (someone) formally for an offense: a member of the staff was to be disciplined by management.

From Thesaurus

discipline

noun 

1 discipline in the camp was strict: control, regulation, direction, order, authority, rule, strictness, a firm hand; routine, regimen; training, teaching, instruction, drill, drilling, exercise; use of punishment.

2 it may take courage and discipline to do this, but it is worth the effort: self-control, self-discipline, self-government, control, controlled behavior, self-restraint; good behavior, orderliness, obedience.

3 sociology is a fairly new discipline: field (of study), branch of knowledge, course of study, subject, area; specialist subject, speciality, specialty.

verb 

1 these families have different ways of disciplining their children | you must discipline yourself into adopting regular working methods: train, drill, teach, school, coach, educate, regiment, indoctrinate; lay down the law to someone, bring into line.

2 she had learned to discipline her emotions: control, bring/keep under control, restrain, regulate, govern, keep in check, check, curb, keep a tight rein on, rein in, bridle, tame. ANTONYMS give free rein to 

3 a member of staff was to be disciplined by the management: punish, penalize, take disciplinary action against, bring to book; reprimand, rebuke, reprove, chastise, castigate, upbraid, remonstrate with; informal dress down, give someone a dressing-down, rap over the knuckles, give someone a roasting, give someone a rocket, put on the mat; British informal carpet, put on the carpet; archaic chasten.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/20/2022 15:45:42
Subject: self-empowerment
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Please see XXXX posting below. Time, Labor and Thought have been put into the Design of 3 concepts: Growth, Discipline and Integrity.

Aside: Even though I have looked up the meaning of the following words (labor, thought, design, concept and time) a thousand times, I will do so again and again, to have what we call, 'an open mind’ to further my understanding. In other words, whenever the Titanic is sinking, grab the dictionary!

However, the three well considered concepts below don't make the A category because the text is not EMPOWERED. 

From wikipedia:

Empowerment is the degree of autonomy and self-determination in people and in communities. This enables them to represent their interests in a responsible and self-determined way, acting on their own authority. It is the process of becoming stronger and more confident, especially in controlling one's life and claiming one's rights. Empowerment as action refers both to the process of self-empowerment and to professional support of people, which enables them to overcome their sense of powerlessness and lack of influence, and to recognize and use their resources.

So How do you empower your text? The question: How so?

In the 1980s, getting in touch with your feelings was a predominant lesson, particularly for men. Today, it is getting in touch with your images. Getting in touch with your images is big if you want to empower your text. For, analytical text is being done by computers, algorithms, robots and artificial intelligence.

Thought-images are like clouds that FLEET through our MINDSCAPE. They are EPHEMERAL and ETHEREAL in nature and they are unique to you. No one can originate them, except yourself.

It requires being in touch with your images.

How so?

You have to CAPTURE the fleeting thought-image. It requires going back into a past INCIDENT and let it EVOKE your images of the concept/word. DESCRIBE the image and RELATE the EVENT that is personal to you.

In the second round, pose the question How so? for each phrase that you wrote in the first round. The phrases where you can’t answer How so, delete them. They don’t empower your text.

Give it a shot. Don’t be fearful. The image for discipline that comes to my mind is the one I sent in my previous email. I think of ISIS and Afghanistan and it empowers my text when describing discipline, because I can write about the enormity of the threat that is being faced.

Please remember there is no right nor wrong. You are sharing your images and your imagination. This sharing is big in the digital environment. 

Sanjiv

AUTONOMY, SELF-DETERMINATION

from the fishbowl...

XXXX

Posts: 31

Joined: Tue Jan 25, 2022 11:29 am

XXXX » Sat Feb 19, 2022 1:07 pm

Growth: the process in people, animals or plants of growing physically, mentally or emotionally. The process of increasing in physical size. Some synonyms for growth are advancement, expansion, gain, increase, and improvement. People are constantly growing throughout their life both physically and mentally, and it is extremely important. Personal growth can mean personal development, self-help, self-growth and improvement. Successful personal growth is not only about value to your own life, but value to those around you and the society. For example, when you are in school and start a new course, you may not be educated on any of the information. But as the semester goes along, we grow and learn to master the topics. 

Discipline: the practice of training people to obey rules and orders and punishing them if they do not; the controlled behavior or situation that is the result of this training. Some synonyms are control, development, practice, regulation, and restraint. Discipline is important in every aspect of life in order to be successful and free, and it allows one to have power and control in life. It creates habits, habits make routines, and routines become who you are daily. Good discipline is important within school because it causes you to become a good student and a lifelong learner. 

Integrity: the quality of being honest and having strong moral principles. Some synonyms are honesty, purity, sincerity and virtue. to have integrity means that a person is self-aware, accountable, responsible, and truthful and that their actions are internally consistent. In the workforce, integrity is the foundation on which coworkers build relationships and trust, and it is one of the fundamental values that employers seek in the employees that they hire. 

Growth, Discipline, and Integrity all go hand in hand in becoming a good person. You learn to be disciplined as a child, and as you grow, you learn integrity. In order to be successful in school, work or life in general, it is important to master and keep these three concepts in mind at all times.

XXXX

From the dictionary...

dis·ci·pline| ˈdisəplən | 

noun

1 the practice of training people to obey rules or a code of behavior, using punishment to correct disobedience: a lack of proper parental and school discipline.

 

• the controlled behavior resulting from discipline: he was able to maintain discipline among his men.

 

• activity or experience that provides mental or physical training: the tariqa offered spiritual discipline | Kung fu is a discipline open to old and young.

 

• a system of rules of conduct: he doesn't have to submit to normal disciplines.

 

2 a branch of knowledge, typically one studied in higher education: sociology is a fairly new discipline. 

verb [with object] 

train (someone) to obey rules or a code of behavior, using punishment to correct disobedience: many parents have been afraid to discipline their children.

 

• punish or rebuke (someone) formally for an offense: a member of the staff was to be disciplined by management.

From Thesaurus

discipline

noun 

1 discipline in the camp was strict: control, regulation, direction, order, authority, rule, strictness, a firm hand; routine, regimen; training, teaching, instruction, drill, drilling, exercise; use of punishment.

2 it may take courage and discipline to do this, but it is worth the effort: self-control, self-discipline, self-government, control, controlled behavior, self-restraint; good behavior, orderliness, obedience.

3 sociology is a fairly new discipline: field (of study), branch of knowledge, course of study, subject, area; specialist subject, speciality, specialty.

verb 

1 these families have different ways of disciplining their children | you must discipline yourself into adopting regular working methods: train, drill, teach, school, coach, educate, regiment, indoctrinate; lay down the law to someone, bring into line.

2 she had learned to discipline her emotions: control, bring/keep under control, restrain, regulate, govern, keep in check, check, curb, keep a tight rein on, rein in, bridle, tame. ANTONYMS give free rein to 

3 a member of staff was to be disciplined by the management: punish, penalize, take disciplinary action against, bring to book; reprimand, rebuke, reprove, chastise, castigate, upbraid, remonstrate with; informal dress down, give someone a dressing-down, rap over the knuckles, give someone a roasting, give someone a rocket, put on the mat; British informal carpet, put on the carpet; archaic chasten.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/7/2022 5:51:14
Subject: about Deconstruction
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well.

So far in the fishbowl, you are undertaking the following:

doing vocabulary

taking and making notes from google searches

reflective thinking: raising the question How So? in your notes and, answering from your past experiences

describing specific and concrete examples from MEMORY: felt experiences

Whenever and whatever you post, you are spot on. But is it good? Yes, so long as you are SINCERE in your learning. Only you can answer that.

Please see Page Elliott’s postings below.

The best advice I can give you at this stage is don’t worry about your Grade. I will worry about it for you. You take care of your learning.

In this letter, I am introducing the theory of deconstruction. You will subsequently be applying it to any given text (SENTENCE) that you are reading or writing.

Deconstruction, first developed by the French philosopher Jacques Derrida (please google), is a qualitative METHODOLOGY that allows researchers and practitioners, like ourselves, to ANALYZE words in order to choose the most APPROPRIATE word for the EVALUATION's PURPOSE.

Deconstruction is a way of understanding how something was created, usually things like art, books, poems and other writing, like the sentences you are posting in the fishbowl. 

Deconstruction is breaking down your sentence STRUCTURE into smaller parts, i.e., into smaller words. 

Deconstruction is LOOKING at the smaller parts that you used to create the sentence.

Deconstruction is “a method of interpretation” or rather textual INTERPRETATION, i.e., interpreting words by looking up the meaning from the dictionary.

How to Deconstruct a Text, i.e. a sentence whose meaning is CONSTITUTED by a structure of words?

1. First, you are opposing prevailing wisdom. Please keep that in mind. You are questioning the common meaning of the word you are deconstructing. You are doing this by SUBSTITUTING the word in the sentence from the dictionary/thesaurus.

2. By so doing, you are exposing the cultural bias of that sentence structure; you are analyzing the sentence structure; and, you are playing with possible meanings.

	• Expose Cultural Bias. ... 

	• Analyze Sentence Structure. ... 

	• Play With Possible Meanings.

Deconstruction assumes that WORDS cannot have a fixed meaning. An example of deconstruction is reading a novel twice, 2 years apart, and seeing how it has a different meaning each time. 

Please think about ‘deconstruction’ (Derrida). We will soon start applying it to our reading and writing practice and process. 

What does it mean to deconstruct our understanding and what causes us to do so?

Deconstruction urges us to resist the general, common meaning of a text, also known as the "privileged" meaning of a text. It helps us consider whether a word, phrase, or text might have alternative explanations that are ignored by others.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...STYLEs of Taking and Making Notes

pageelliott

Posts: 20

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 12:36 pm

Post by pageelliott » Tue Jan 25, 2022 8:51 pm

Individuation and Gilbert Simondon "The principle of individuation is by all accounts a respectable, even venerable notion" (epochemagazine)

PROCESS; COPY; EDIT; RESONATE; TAKE & MAKE NOTES - take time to process and analyze information. copy and edit information to learn and make sure you pay attention to information that resonates and changes you. "Note Taking involves writing down what you hear or read without processing the Information, whereas Note Making Involves processing what you hear or read. I. Note Taking is a passive approach to studying, whereas Note Making is an active approach to studying" (bscholary.com)

Post by pageelliott » Thu Jan 27, 2022 12:15 pm

knowledge economy- after reading about what the knowledge economy is, I can conclude that it is the growth and efficiency of the economy based on human knowledge. People learn, educate others, and come up with new ideas all of the time. They can then use this knowledge to strengthen and move the economy. 

Knowledge workers- workers in the working environment who use what they learn to do their jobs efficiently. Knowledge workers are constantly learning new information, and coming up with new innovative ideas to solve problems. 

social constructivism- people communicate and rely on each other to learn new information and create different group cultures. people all learn from one another and it effects the decisions they make and actions they partake in.

the social construction of reality- knowledge is built from learning from one another- this book talks about society, human relationships and communication, and habitualization.

Post by pageelliott » Thu Feb 03, 2022 11:03 am

google search, reflect, felt experience, think deeply

a word is a concept- deeper thought which has meaning to the real world

a word is an image- a word tells a story and creates a vision

thinker- think deeper

transindividual- many people coming together, going through each other

Post by pageelliott » Fri Feb 04, 2022 1:58 pm

John Dewey- philosopher, psychologist, educational reformer

-pragmatism, functional psychology, progressive education and liberalism, professor

John Dewey was naturally curious, a deep thinker, and analytical person. Dewey used his curiosity about people to teach and write works relating to psychology. 

Donald Schon- philosopher, professor, reflective practice, organizational learning

Schon was also a philosopher and professor. He taught ideas around reflective practice and organizational learning

Actions and Knowledge are a part of the human process of learning, adapting, analyzing, interpreting, and seeing different perspectives. 

underpinning-foundation

elements-parts

empowering-allow

how so?

My thoughts on reflection: It is vital to reflect. This helps us make informed and reflective decisions in life. Our past and present helps shape our future. Reflecting helps us think critically, analyze, and see different perspectives. ti is essential to analyze, think deeply, and learn everyday. Reflection can be difficult sometimes, but reflecting on our actions, thoughts, behaviors, prior experiences helps shape who we become. It helps us make visualizations, and make informed decisions, or take immediate actions.

Post by pageelliott » Sun Feb 06, 2022 7:46 pm

Deluze and Becoming- philosophy book called, Deluze and Becoming, written by Samantha Bankston

Chapters: Where absolute becoming splits from sensory becoming:memory

the innocence and selectivity of becoming

absolute becoming and ontological forgetting

********************************

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/7/2022 5:50:40
Subject: about Deconstruction
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well.

So far in the fishbowl, you are undertaking the following:

doing vocabulary

taking and making notes from google searches

reflective thinking: raising the question How So? in your notes and, answering from your past experiences

describing specific and concrete examples from MEMORY: felt experiences

Whenever and whatever you post, you are spot on. But is it good? Yes, so long as you are SINCERE in your learning. Only you can answer that.

Please see Page Elliott’s postings below.

The best advice I can give you at this stage is don’t worry about your Grade. I will worry about it for you. You take care of your learning.

In this letter, I am introducing the theory of deconstruction. You will subsequently be applying it to any given text (SENTENCE) that you are reading or writing.

Deconstruction, first developed by the French philosopher Jacques Derrida (please google), is a qualitative METHODOLOGY that allows researchers and practitioners, like ourselves, to ANALYZE words in order to choose the most APPROPRIATE word for the EVALUATION's PURPOSE.

Deconstruction is a way of understanding how something was created, usually things like art, books, poems and other writing, like the sentences you are posting in the fishbowl. 

Deconstruction is breaking down your sentence STRUCTURE into smaller parts, i.e., into smaller words. 

Deconstruction is LOOKING at the smaller parts that you used to create the sentence.

Deconstruction is “a method of interpretation” or rather textual INTERPRETATION, i.e., interpreting words by looking up the meaning from the dictionary.

How to Deconstruct a Text, i.e. a sentence whose meaning is CONSTITUTED by a structure of words?

1. First, you are opposing prevailing wisdom. Please keep that in mind. You are questioning the common meaning of the word you are deconstructing. You are doing this by SUBSTITUTING the word in the sentence from the dictionary/thesaurus.

2. By so doing, you are exposing the cultural bias of that sentence structure; you are analyzing the sentence structure; and, you are playing with possible meanings.

	• Expose Cultural Bias. ... 

	• Analyze Sentence Structure. ... 

	• Play With Possible Meanings.

Deconstruction assumes that WORDS cannot have a fixed meaning. An example of deconstruction is reading a novel twice, 2 years apart, and seeing how it has a different meaning each time. 

Please think about ‘deconstruction’ (Derrida). We will soon start applying it to our reading and writing practice and process. 

What does it mean to deconstruct our understanding and what causes us to do so?

Deconstruction urges us to resist the general, common meaning of a text, also known as the "privileged" meaning of a text. It helps us consider whether a word, phrase, or text might have alternative explanations that are ignored by others.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...STYLEs of Taking and Making Notes

pageelliott

Posts: 20

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 12:36 pm

Post by pageelliott » Tue Jan 25, 2022 8:51 pm

Individuation and Gilbert Simondon "The principle of individuation is by all accounts a respectable, even venerable notion" (epochemagazine)

PROCESS; COPY; EDIT; RESONATE; TAKE & MAKE NOTES - take time to process and analyze information. copy and edit information to learn and make sure you pay attention to information that resonates and changes you. "Note Taking involves writing down what you hear or read without processing the Information, whereas Note Making Involves processing what you hear or read. I. Note Taking is a passive approach to studying, whereas Note Making is an active approach to studying" (bscholary.com)

Post by pageelliott » Thu Jan 27, 2022 12:15 pm

knowledge economy- after reading about what the knowledge economy is, I can conclude that it is the growth and efficiency of the economy based on human knowledge. People learn, educate others, and come up with new ideas all of the time. They can then use this knowledge to strengthen and move the economy. 

Knowledge workers- workers in the working environment who use what they learn to do their jobs efficiently. Knowledge workers are constantly learning new information, and coming up with new innovative ideas to solve problems. 

social constructivism- people communicate and rely on each other to learn new information and create different group cultures. people all learn from one another and it effects the decisions they make and actions they partake in.

the social construction of reality- knowledge is built from learning from one another- this book talks about society, human relationships and communication, and habitualization.

Post by pageelliott » Thu Feb 03, 2022 11:03 am

google search, reflect, felt experience, think deeply

a word is a concept- deeper thought which has meaning to the real world

a word is an image- a word tells a story and creates a vision

thinker- think deeper

transindividual- many people coming together, going through each other

Post by pageelliott » Fri Feb 04, 2022 1:58 pm

John Dewey- philosopher, psychologist, educational reformer

-pragmatism, functional psychology, progressive education and liberalism, professor

John Dewey was naturally curious, a deep thinker, and analytical person. Dewey used his curiosity about people to teach and write works relating to psychology. 

Donald Schon- philosopher, professor, reflective practice, organizational learning

Schon was also a philosopher and professor. He taught ideas around reflective practice and organizational learning

Actions and Knowledge are a part of the human process of learning, adapting, analyzing, interpreting, and seeing different perspectives. 

underpinning-foundation

elements-parts

empowering-allow

how so?

My thoughts on reflection: It is vital to reflect. This helps us make informed and reflective decisions in life. Our past and present helps shape our future. Reflecting helps us think critically, analyze, and see different perspectives. ti is essential to analyze, think deeply, and learn everyday. Reflection can be difficult sometimes, but reflecting on our actions, thoughts, behaviors, prior experiences helps shape who we become. It helps us make visualizations, and make informed decisions, or take immediate actions.

Post by pageelliott » Sun Feb 06, 2022 7:46 pm

Deluze and Becoming- philosophy book called, Deluze and Becoming, written by Samantha Bankston

Chapters: Where absolute becoming splits from sensory becoming:memory

the innocence and selectivity of becoming

absolute becoming and ontological forgetting

********************************

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/6/2022 22:20:38
Subject: about not being confused
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well. 

There is a practice and process that must be followed, if you are to comprehend words and sentences in the fishbowl. 

What is this PRACTICE and PROCESS?

It is your dictionary that has the answer, in plain sight.

Copy it out. You are not being dishonest when you copy!

From the dictionary, you are COPYING out capitalized words in my letters and, DOING google searches requested in parentheses.

You are not doing cut-and-paste. You are copying after SELECTING. 

In so doing, you are exercising CHOICE and making it visible. 

It is not done in secrecy, and it is not between you and me.

It is among us. 

You are learning to COMPREHEND when you READ and WRITE. 

To do so, there is a PRACTICE and there is a PROCESS.

It is done in SOLITUDE, with a paper and pencil.

There is no other way known to human kind.

You will UNDERSTAND, but only after reading every letter, three times at least (take a break and come back to it), 

and so you will ASCERTAIN the practice and process to be followed.

I can only write my letter in English and I can only re-send the same letter, again and again.

But it is you who has to eat your vegetables (metaphor). I can’t eat them for you! That is a hard lesson.

The metaphor I prefer, is “you can take a horse to the water, but you can’t make it drink."

I found myself in this situation with my Dad. He wouldn’t read, and he wouldn’t listen either.

Nor did he write much. He sent Hallmark cards instead, which he would sign with a flourish.

They were never enough!

One’s IDIOM is culturally based, and it has to be DECIPHERED.

For the most part, the grade in the course gets determined sooner than later, because we are visible to each other. 

When you scroll the Active Topics, you can see for yourself who is heading for the A. 

If you’re not, then hitch your wagon (metaphor) to the one who is.

Read, read, read. Copy, copy, copy. Edit, edit and edit, until you make the text your own...until it begins to sound like you.

Take ownership of your constructed text. It is a knowledge economy that you are becoming a part of. 

Each of us is BECOMING something else. (Please google search: "Deleuze and Becoming." Select one sentence which makes sense to you and you wish to keep for later reference.)

Don’t be shy and don’t be afraid. We are among friends, and we don’t judge each other on this journey.

Sanjiv

ps: We have covered the notion of Reflection and we will move into the concept of Deconstruction.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/6/2022 22:19:41
Subject: about not being confused
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well. 

There is a practice and process that must be followed, if you are to comprehend words and sentences in the fishbowl. 

What is this PRACTICE and PROCESS?

It is your dictionary that has the answer, in plain sight.

Copy it out. You are not being dishonest when you copy!

From the dictionary, you are COPYING out capitalized words in my letters and, DOING google searches requested in parentheses.

You are not doing cut-and-paste. You are copying after SELECTING. 

In so doing, you are exercising CHOICE and making it visible. 

It is not done in secrecy, and it is not between you and me.

It is among us. 

You are learning to COMPREHEND when you READ and WRITE. 

To do so, there is a PRACTICE and there is a PROCESS.

It is done in SOLITUDE, with a paper and pencil.

There is no other way known to human kind.

You will UNDERSTAND, but only after reading every letter, three times at least (take a break and come back to it), 

and so you will ASCERTAIN the practice and process to be followed.

I can only write my letter in English and I can only re-send the same letter, again and again.

But it is you who has to eat your vegetables (metaphor). I can’t eat them for you! That is a hard lesson.

The metaphor I prefer, is “you can take a horse to the water, but you can’t make it drink."

I found myself in this situation with my Dad. He wouldn’t read, and he wouldn’t listen either.

Nor did he write much. He sent Hallmark cards instead, which he would sign with a flourish.

They were never enough!

One’s IDIOM is culturally based, and it has to be DECIPHERED.

For the most part, the grade in the course gets determined sooner than later, because we are visible to each other. 

When you scroll the Active Topics, you can see for yourself who is heading for the A. 

If you’re not, then hitch your wagon (metaphor) to the one who is.

Read, read, read. Copy, copy, copy. Edit, edit and edit, until you make the text your own...until it begins to sound like you.

Take ownership of your constructed text. It is a knowledge economy that you are becoming a part of. 

Each of us is BECOMING something else. (Please google search: "Deleuze and Becoming." Select one sentence which makes sense to you and you wish to keep for later reference.)

Don’t be shy and don’t be afraid. We are among friends, and we don’t judge each other on this journey.

Sanjiv

ps: We have covered the notion of Reflection and we will move into the concept of Deconstruction.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/4/2022 3:08:33
Subject: why reflect?
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope your week is going well. I am going to address why is it important for you to reflect and do reflective thinking?

The SIGNIFICANCE of reflection is that it allows you to see the importance of your own learning process. ... REFLECTION provides you with MOTIVATION to learn and enjoy the PROCESS of learning. This motivation comes from you reflecting on your THOUGHTS, FEELINGS and EMOTIONS. 

Being able to EXAMINE your own feelings, reactions, and motives (= reasons for acting) and how these influence what you do or think in a situation, is to BECOME AWARE of your IMPLICIT knowledge base and to learn from this experience.

Posting in the fishbowl is largely an INTUITIVE ACTION. However, it can also be seen as SCRIPTED to some extent. You post what you first VISUALIZE and then attempt to predict what may happen. Please read Jenna Sousa’s posting below in this light. Posting in any manner requires a person to see within the "mind’s eye.” 

Once you have posted, that is when unpredictability and reflection SURFACES. This surfacing often occurs in the midst of the ACT of posting, when you think about what has just happened in a COGNITIVE sense. 

Reflection seems to be a means to MONITOR oneself as life unfolds. You sense, comprehend and process the events in a millisecond. 

Reflection is SYSTEMATIC, even habitual. You MULL over your thoughts, you reflect on your actions. 

The instant you post, your actions are followed by feedback from your senses. Your muscles deliver kinesthetic information and your EVALUATIVE thoughts of yourself are weighed immediately. You hear yourself speak and judge your word choice and tone. The feedback loops are numerous and if you attend to each, you are in a position to make adjustments. 

But why reflect?

You do this because you are interested in improving (which means ALTERING your PRACTICE). 

Society (MGT345) and Culture (MGT448) cannot stand still. It changes moment by moment, day by day, and year to year. Some people would like if change didn’t happen as predictability would ensure certain outcomes. However, change can be a useful element in our lives as it gives us an opportunity to improve whatever we are doing or have done. You find that by every post, you improve and add novelty via new material.

While posting, you reflect on your actions and SCRUTINIZE what has just happened with a desire to get better. The RECURSIVE process does improve your COMPREHENSION and UNDERSTANDING of SELF, the EVENTS and the CONTEXT. You are FOCUSED on the present with an eye to the future and this PERSPECTIVE motivates and encourages you to change each day. No matter how much you change and improve, you can connect (relations) where you are at present with where you were at some point in the past. 

CONNECT, RELATIONS

Your first AUDIENCE is self: The notebooks of the molecular biologist, the industrial sociologist, or the clinical drug tester during the pandemic help each keep track of what was done along the way, suggesting ways of improving next steps, and give reassurance about the reproducibility of the results. 

The need to reflect on self as a means of self-development is widely endorsed. The work of John Dewey (please google) and Donald Schön (please google), put forward the notion that reflection is a critical UNDERPINNING of growth and learning. Indeed, Dewey (1934) argued, “all direct experience is qualitative, and qualities are what make life-experience itself directly precious. Yet reflection goes behind immediate qualities, for it is interested in relations . . . (p. 293)." 

We can do something yet not be aware of how various ELEMENTS are related and this lack of awareness can impede immediate understanding and growth. 

Please see Jenna Sousa’s Google Searches below. They are excellent and her desire to learn must be commended. I have inserted reflective questions: when she addresses them, she will indeed be EMPOWERING her text and Individuating herself.

*******************************

jennasousa

Posts: 10

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 1:34 pm

Re: GOOGLE SEARCHES

Post by jennasousa » Fri Jan 28, 2022 7:25 pm

Knowledge Economy: an economy in which growth is dependent on the quantity, quality, and accessibility of the information available, rather than the means of production. 

My take on this definition: When I read this definition, I get the sense that a knowledge economy is an economy that bases growth off of how much knowledge/education it has. It is built on what we know and what is available for us to know. I feel this type of economy is important because with knowledge, we are capable of many things. {HOW SO? GIVE PERSONAL EXAMPLE} As long as there is knowledge available, we are pretty much able to figure anything out. We are certainly capable of growing an economy to the extreme if knowledge is present. Knowledge and learning increase innovation. {HOW SO? GIVE PERSONAL EXAMPLE} Innovation can lead to growth.

Knowledge Workers: Knowledge workers are workers whose main capital is knowledge. Examples include programmers, physicians, pharmacists, architects, engineers, scientists, design thinkers, public accountants, lawyers, editors, and academics, whose job is to "think for a living".

My take on this definition: Knowledge workers are people that work by using their knowledge. Knowledge workers are indeed essential. If we think about it, we wouldn't even have any knowledge of anything if we didn't have teachers, professors, or people that post informational videos online for a living. The whole purpose of their job is to use their education to provide others with education. Additionally, what would we do if we didn't have doctors that relied on their knowledge in order to diagnose us, heal us, etc.? Knowledge workers are key to society and also the economy. If we weren't able to benefit from the work these people perform using their knowledge, we wouldn't have half of the things we have (including our own education). {GIVE ONE PERSONAL EXAMPLE AND EMPOWER YOUR TEXT}

Social Constructivism: Social Constructivism is a sociological theory of knowledge according to which human development is socially situated and knowledge is constructed through interaction with others. 

My take on this definition: In my opinion, this definition means that we gain knowledge (and grow) from our interactions with others. I tend to agree with this. When I study with a study partner, that person always broadens my horizon as to what everything means. They think of it in ways that I didn't before. {GIVE EXAMPLE AND EMPOWER YOUR TEXT} This allows me to expand my thinking by thinking of it in that way as well. I believe I do the same for them when I share my ideas. In addition, I feel I have learned a lot in life by just being around others. I have learned how to cook and clean from my mom. I also picked up skills {GIVE EXAMPLE} from my boyfriend and my friends by just being around them. I have also learned a lot about myself by being around others. {GIVE EXAMPLE} I think this is what we are doing in this class. We are publicly exploring new concepts along with our thinking so that we are able to gain knowledge from each other. {GIVE EXAMPLE AND EMPOWER YOUR TEXT}

"Social Construction of Reality" by Peter Berger and Thomas Luckmann: In 1966, sociologists Peter Berger and Thomas Luckmann wrote a book called "The Social Construction of Reality". In it, they argued that society is created by humans and human interaction, which they call habitualization. Not only do we construct our own society, but we also accept it as it is because others have created it before us. Society is, in fact, “habit.”

My take on this definition: I have not read this book. However, this explanation gives me great insight into what this text is about. I agree with the notion that society is habitual and we tend to follow it as others lived before us. {GIVE EXAMPLE FROM YOUR FELT-EXPERIENCE} If we think back in time, we live similarly as our ancestors did. We eat breakfast, lunch, and dinner. We wake up at sun rise and fall asleep at night time. No one ever really stops to debate any of that. This exemplifies our topic of social constructivism. We learn from each other. We learn from our parents that we should take showers to stay clean. We learn these things and then we will teach them to our future kids too. Therefore, our society is created by our habits. If everyone started waking up at 11p.m. and going to sleep at 2p.m., this would become the new normal. We create our society and our norms.

**************************

Schön defines reflective practice as the practice by which professionals become aware of their implicit knowledge base and learn from their experience. ... Another term he introduces is “knowing in action” to describe TACIT knowledge.

What is a reflective question?

A reflection question is HOW SO? and GIVE PERSONAL EXAMPLE. It is any question that makes you look back over what or how you have learned. Reflection questions often assess META-cognitive skills, otherwise known as thinking about how we think and learn. 

When you write a reflection, you write your thoughts about something, rather than writing a summary or a description of that something itself. It you want to get a deeper understanding of what you read or what you see, write reflectively. It will get you an A in the course.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/4/2022 3:07:50
Subject: why reflect?
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope your week is going well. I am going to address why is it important for you to reflect and do reflective thinking?

The SIGNIFICANCE of reflection is that it allows you to see the importance of your own learning process. ... REFLECTION provides you with MOTIVATION to learn and enjoy the PROCESS of learning. This motivation comes from you reflecting on your THOUGHTS, FEELINGS and EMOTIONS. 

Being able to EXAMINE your own feelings, reactions, and motives (= reasons for acting) and how these influence what you do or think in a situation, is to BECOME AWARE of your IMPLICIT knowledge base and to learn from this experience.

Posting in the fishbowl is largely an INTUITIVE ACTION. However, it can also be seen as SCRIPTED to some extent. You post what you first VISUALIZE and then attempt to predict what may happen. Please read Jenna Sousa’s posting below in this light. Posting in any manner requires a person to see within the "mind’s eye.” 

Once you have posted, that is when unpredictability and reflection SURFACES. This surfacing often occurs in the midst of the ACT of posting, when you think about what has just happened in a COGNITIVE sense. 

Reflection seems to be a means to MONITOR oneself as life unfolds. You sense, comprehend and process the events in a millisecond. 

Reflection is SYSTEMATIC, even habitual. You MULL over your thoughts, you reflect on your actions. 

The instant you post, your actions are followed by feedback from your senses. Your muscles deliver kinesthetic information and your EVALUATIVE thoughts of yourself are weighed immediately. You hear yourself speak and judge your word choice and tone. The feedback loops are numerous and if you attend to each, you are in a position to make adjustments. 

But why reflect?

You do this because you are interested in improving (which means ALTERING your PRACTICE). 

Society (MGT345) and Culture (MGT448) cannot stand still. It changes moment by moment, day by day, and year to year. Some people would like if change didn’t happen as predictability would ensure certain outcomes. However, change can be a useful element in our lives as it gives us an opportunity to improve whatever we are doing or have done. You find that by every post, you improve and add novelty via new material.

While posting, you reflect on your actions and SCRUTINIZE what has just happened with a desire to get better. The RECURSIVE process does improve your COMPREHENSION and UNDERSTANDING of SELF, the EVENTS and the CONTEXT. You are FOCUSED on the present with an eye to the future and this PERSPECTIVE motivates and encourages you to change each day. No matter how much you change and improve, you can connect (relations) where you are at present with where you were at some point in the past. 

CONNECT, RELATIONS

Your first AUDIENCE is self: The notebooks of the molecular biologist, the industrial sociologist, or the clinical drug tester during the pandemic help each keep track of what was done along the way, suggesting ways of improving next steps, and give reassurance about the reproducibility of the results. 

The need to reflect on self as a means of self-development is widely endorsed. The work of John Dewey (please google) and Donald Schön (please google), put forward the notion that reflection is a critical UNDERPINNING of growth and learning. Indeed, Dewey (1934) argued, “all direct experience is qualitative, and qualities are what make life-experience itself directly precious. Yet reflection goes behind immediate qualities, for it is interested in relations . . . (p. 293)." 

We can do something yet not be aware of how various ELEMENTS are related and this lack of awareness can impede immediate understanding and growth. 

Please see Jenna Sousa’s Google Searches below. They are excellent and her desire to learn must be commended. I have inserted reflective questions: when she addresses them, she will indeed be EMPOWERING her text and Individuating herself.

*******************************

jennasousa

Posts: 10

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 1:34 pm

Re: GOOGLE SEARCHES

Post by jennasousa » Fri Jan 28, 2022 7:25 pm

Knowledge Economy: an economy in which growth is dependent on the quantity, quality, and accessibility of the information available, rather than the means of production. 

My take on this definition: When I read this definition, I get the sense that a knowledge economy is an economy that bases growth off of how much knowledge/education it has. It is built on what we know and what is available for us to know. I feel this type of economy is important because with knowledge, we are capable of many things. {HOW SO? GIVE PERSONAL EXAMPLE} As long as there is knowledge available, we are pretty much able to figure anything out. We are certainly capable of growing an economy to the extreme if knowledge is present. Knowledge and learning increase innovation. {HOW SO? GIVE PERSONAL EXAMPLE} Innovation can lead to growth.

Knowledge Workers: Knowledge workers are workers whose main capital is knowledge. Examples include programmers, physicians, pharmacists, architects, engineers, scientists, design thinkers, public accountants, lawyers, editors, and academics, whose job is to "think for a living".

My take on this definition: Knowledge workers are people that work by using their knowledge. Knowledge workers are indeed essential. If we think about it, we wouldn't even have any knowledge of anything if we didn't have teachers, professors, or people that post informational videos online for a living. The whole purpose of their job is to use their education to provide others with education. Additionally, what would we do if we didn't have doctors that relied on their knowledge in order to diagnose us, heal us, etc.? Knowledge workers are key to society and also the economy. If we weren't able to benefit from the work these people perform using their knowledge, we wouldn't have half of the things we have (including our own education). {GIVE ONE PERSONAL EXAMPLE AND EMPOWER YOUR TEXT}

Social Constructivism: Social Constructivism is a sociological theory of knowledge according to which human development is socially situated and knowledge is constructed through interaction with others. 

My take on this definition: In my opinion, this definition means that we gain knowledge (and grow) from our interactions with others. I tend to agree with this. When I study with a study partner, that person always broadens my horizon as to what everything means. They think of it in ways that I didn't before. {GIVE EXAMPLE AND EMPOWER YOUR TEXT} This allows me to expand my thinking by thinking of it in that way as well. I believe I do the same for them when I share my ideas. In addition, I feel I have learned a lot in life by just being around others. I have learned how to cook and clean from my mom. I also picked up skills {GIVE EXAMPLE} from my boyfriend and my friends by just being around them. I have also learned a lot about myself by being around others. {GIVE EXAMPLE} I think this is what we are doing in this class. We are publicly exploring new concepts along with our thinking so that we are able to gain knowledge from each other. {GIVE EXAMPLE AND EMPOWER YOUR TEXT}

"Social Construction of Reality" by Peter Berger and Thomas Luckmann: In 1966, sociologists Peter Berger and Thomas Luckmann wrote a book called "The Social Construction of Reality". In it, they argued that society is created by humans and human interaction, which they call habitualization. Not only do we construct our own society, but we also accept it as it is because others have created it before us. Society is, in fact, “habit.”

My take on this definition: I have not read this book. However, this explanation gives me great insight into what this text is about. I agree with the notion that society is habitual and we tend to follow it as others lived before us. {GIVE EXAMPLE FROM YOUR FELT-EXPERIENCE} If we think back in time, we live similarly as our ancestors did. We eat breakfast, lunch, and dinner. We wake up at sun rise and fall asleep at night time. No one ever really stops to debate any of that. This exemplifies our topic of social constructivism. We learn from each other. We learn from our parents that we should take showers to stay clean. We learn these things and then we will teach them to our future kids too. Therefore, our society is created by our habits. If everyone started waking up at 11p.m. and going to sleep at 2p.m., this would become the new normal. We create our society and our norms.

**************************

Schön defines reflective practice as the practice by which professionals become aware of their implicit knowledge base and learn from their experience. ... Another term he introduces is “knowing in action” to describe TACIT knowledge.

What is a reflective question?

A reflection question is HOW SO? and GIVE PERSONAL EXAMPLE. It is any question that makes you look back over what or how you have learned. Reflection questions often assess META-cognitive skills, otherwise known as thinking about how we think and learn. 

When you write a reflection, you write your thoughts about something, rather than writing a summary or a description of that something itself. It you want to get a deeper understanding of what you read or what you see, write reflectively. It will get you an A in the course.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/3/2022 3:39:53
Subject: learning to learn
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this evening? I hope things are looking up and you have your courses and schedule sorted.

We are 140 of us 'knowledge-workers,' knocking about (metaphor) in a Fishbowl (metaphor): 43 in MGT 345-0005 and 47 in 345-0006 and 49 in MGT 448-0002.

The dust has mostly settled (metaphor) with a remaining few still trickling in (metaphor).

I. Vocabulary

Metaphors define how we see the world. It is a word or phrase that is used in an imaginative way to show that somebody/something has the same qualities as another thing. ‘Her words were a knife in my heart’ is a metaphor.

Every time you enter the fishbowl, like the Letters, it will ask for a password. Type: fishbowl

I am watching you, 24/7 by clicking Active Topics (on top right hand corner).

When I was told to get a life, I did. It was you!

I read every word you post and in this way, I get to know you. I form an image in my mind.

Words form images but they must be established in deeds; in actuality.

Let me put it another way. Your image is represented by a word like your grade, but it is your deeds that exist in actuality.

IMAGE, WORD, REPRESENT, ESTABLISH, EXIST, DEED, ACTUALITY

Be conscious of your learning and be transparent and authentic about it on your page in the fishbowl.

How so?

Learn by adapting what and how the others are writing about the same thing.

That is, tweak (metaphor) your words, to add value for others who are reading your work.

ADAPT, TWEAK, VALUE, SEEK

Your postings must add value in the fishbowl, if we are go grow and BECOME a society (MGT345) with a distinct culture (MGT448).

We are seekers of truth, seated at a round table. Eyes watching Eyes!

II. Google Search, Reflect, Felt-Experience

You are searching concepts and following thinkers that are relevant in our time.

For example, you searched the concept Individuation and followed the work of Gilbert Simondon. That is cool!

And you applied it to yourself; you put it to use.

A word is a concept.

A word is an image

To apply a word is to comprehend it and put it to use.

When google searching a Concept, you are scrolling and looking for a sentence, just one, that resonates with you. That makes sense to you.

In order to do so, you are sorting, sifting and selecting. Please bear that in mind.

When google searching a Thinker, you are identifying what that person is known for. For instance, I have been grappling with the concept of Transindividual (please google) which Simondon is known for. It never comes easy, nor does it stick, as you will discover!

Your goal is to add value. You are creating value for your readers, that is us.

CONCEPT, COMPREHEND, APPLY, SORT, SIFT, SELECT, IDENTIFY

Your postings are terrific. Be sure of that. We are learning from each other. Read, take a break and think, and then re- read again. There is no speeding this process. You are learning how to create knowledge content, one step at a time.

Thoughts on Felt-experience and Reflection will follow in the next letter.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl... 

martinerizzo

Posts: 22

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 10:58 am

 post by martinerizzo » Wed Feb 02, 2022 11:41 am

"We are neither perceiving nor conceiving the environment as fixed or static in any way, but shifting and moving in action. We are in charge of our own destiny because we are creating and constructing our realities" 

As humans, we have the opportunity to be in control of our thoughts, actions, and our future. Each day we are faced with different situations and decisions to make. The way we handle every situation and choice helps create the path to our future. There are many obstacles we encounter in life but it is important to remember that things don't happen to us, they happen for us. You are in control of the way you react and respond to all the different situations life throws at you. In this course, we are in charge of our own destiny. We have the resources available to excel, and it is up to us if we decide to utilize them.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/3/2022 3:39:06
Subject: learning to learn
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this evening? I hope things are looking up and you have your courses and schedule sorted.

We are 140 of us 'knowledge-workers,' knocking about (metaphor) in a Fishbowl (metaphor): 43 in MGT 345-0005 and 47 in 345-0006 and 49 in MGT 448-0002.

The dust has mostly settled (metaphor) with a remaining few still trickling in (metaphor).

I. Vocabulary

Metaphors define how we see the world. It is a word or phrase that is used in an imaginative way to show that somebody/something has the same qualities as another thing. ‘Her words were a knife in my heart’ is a metaphor.

Every time you enter the fishbowl, like the Letters, it will ask for a password. Type: fishbowl

I am watching you, 24/7 by clicking Active Topics (on top right hand corner).

When I was told to get a life, I did. It was you!

I read every word you post and in this way, I get to know you. I form an image in my mind.

Words form images but they must be established in deeds; in actuality.

Let me put it another way. Your image is represented by a word like your grade, but it is your deeds that exist in actuality.

IMAGE, WORD, REPRESENT, ESTABLISH, EXIST, DEED, ACTUALITY

Be conscious of your learning and be transparent and authentic about it on your page in the fishbowl.

How so?

Learn by adapting what and how the others are writing about the same thing.

That is, tweak (metaphor) your words, to add value for others who are reading your work.

ADAPT, TWEAK, VALUE, SEEK

Your postings must add value in the fishbowl, if we are go grow and BECOME a society (MGT345) with a distinct culture (MGT448).

We are seekers of truth, seated at a round table. Eyes watching Eyes!

II. Google Search, Reflect, Felt-Experience

You are searching concepts and following thinkers that are relevant in our time.

For example, you searched the concept Individuation and followed the work of Gilbert Simondon. That is cool!

And you applied it to yourself; you put it to use.

A word is a concept.

A word is an image

To apply a word is to comprehend it and put it to use.

When google searching a Concept, you are scrolling and looking for a sentence, just one, that resonates with you. That makes sense to you.

In order to do so, you are sorting, sifting and selecting. Please bear that in mind.

When google searching a Thinker, you are identifying what that person is known for. For instance, I have been grappling with the concept of Transindividual (please google) which Simondon is known for. It never comes easy, nor does it stick, as you will discover!

Your goal is to add value. You are creating value for your readers, that is us.

CONCEPT, COMPREHEND, APPLY, SORT, SIFT, SELECT, IDENTIFY

Your postings are terrific. Be sure of that. We are learning from each other. Read, take a break and think, and then re- read again. There is no speeding this process. You are learning how to create knowledge content, one step at a time.

Thoughts on Felt-experience and Reflection will follow in the next letter.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl... 

martinerizzo

Posts: 22

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 10:58 am

 post by martinerizzo » Wed Feb 02, 2022 11:41 am

"We are neither perceiving nor conceiving the environment as fixed or static in any way, but shifting and moving in action. We are in charge of our own destiny because we are creating and constructing our realities" 

As humans, we have the opportunity to be in control of our thoughts, actions, and our future. Each day we are faced with different situations and decisions to make. The way we handle every situation and choice helps create the path to our future. There are many obstacles we encounter in life but it is important to remember that things don't happen to us, they happen for us. You are in control of the way you react and respond to all the different situations life throws at you. In this course, we are in charge of our own destiny. We have the resources available to excel, and it is up to us if we decide to utilize them.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/1/2022 12:52:08
Subject: thinking and learning skills
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are safe and doing well with your studies.

Every letter in the fishbowl is organized and designed to be as clear and simple as possible to improve your critical thinking and reflective skills.

The letters are self-contained and deal with particular aspects of the subject matter so that you can read them through from beginning to end, or in sections, or dip into specific letters as you need them.

I. ORGANIZE, DESIGN, IMPROVE, NUANCE, MEANING

Key terms are capitalized letters whose meaning may be used in a particular way in the letter. If you are in both courses (345 & 448), the nuance (use Thesaurus) of these words should be used in your vocabulary section. There is little point in duplication.

1. Vocabulary of capitalized letters emphasize key advice that you think will be particularly useful to your readers.

2. Google searches provide additional information that will broaden your understanding and that of your readers by giving examples and definitions.

3. Felt-experiences raise questions for your readers to consider about your personal approach to the topic.

You should regard the above as a menu from which to select the ideas that appeal to you and for developing your learning style. Ultimately, the above three categories are arbitrary and will blend into your specific point-of-view, whose development must be transparent and authentic.

II. THINKING, LEARNING, MODE

We routinely think without really contemplating what we are doing. However, in academic contexts there are benefits from a deeper understanding of the various modes of thinking, including reflection and creativity. An insight into these concepts and skills can help to improve learning. Moreover, advanced thinking skills are highly valued by employers, so being able to communicate and evidence these attributes is essential.

Having a deeper understanding of HOW you think and reflect will help you feel more confident in your studies and ensure you are equipped to perform better. Beyond this, it is important to grasp the value of ‘thinking skills’ as a product of your higher education experience. Increasingly, students are expected to be able to convince potential employers through their transcript, curriculum vitae and letter of application that they can demonstrate their abilities in this area.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

akiley

Posts: 6

Joined: Wed Jan 26, 2022 10:48 pm

Post by akiley » Mon Jan 31, 2022 8:15 pm

Individualization and Gilbert Simondon

Individualization: being unique in the way you learn and needs to be met. It is to engage in the right environment to support or express yourself with comfort. 

Gilbert Simondon is a philosopher known for his work or study in individualization. He inspired others to continue to study individualization. He believed that each individual was connected but still boils down to each individual. In a way we are connected but each atom has to be in a spot in order to make a whole.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/1/2022 12:51:25
Subject: thinking and learning skills
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are safe and doing well with your studies.

Every letter in the fishbowl is organized and designed to be as clear and simple as possible to improve your critical thinking and reflective skills.

The letters are self-contained and deal with particular aspects of the subject matter so that you can read them through from beginning to end, or in sections, or dip into specific letters as you need them.

I. ORGANIZE, DESIGN, IMPROVE, NUANCE, MEANING

Key terms are capitalized letters whose meaning may be used in a particular way in the letter. If you are in both courses (345 & 448), the nuance (use Thesaurus) of these words should be used in your vocabulary section. There is little point in duplication.

1. Vocabulary of capitalized letters emphasize key advice that you think will be particularly useful to your readers.

2. Google searches provide additional information that will broaden your understanding and that of your readers by giving examples and definitions.

3. Felt-experiences raise questions for your readers to consider about your personal approach to the topic.

You should regard the above as a menu from which to select the ideas that appeal to you and for developing your learning style. Ultimately, the above three categories are arbitrary and will blend into your specific point-of-view, whose development must be transparent and authentic.

II. THINKING, LEARNING, MODE

We routinely think without really contemplating what we are doing. However, in academic contexts there are benefits from a deeper understanding of the various modes of thinking, including reflection and creativity. An insight into these concepts and skills can help to improve learning. Moreover, advanced thinking skills are highly valued by employers, so being able to communicate and evidence these attributes is essential.

Having a deeper understanding of HOW you think and reflect will help you feel more confident in your studies and ensure you are equipped to perform better. Beyond this, it is important to grasp the value of ‘thinking skills’ as a product of your higher education experience. Increasingly, students are expected to be able to convince potential employers through their transcript, curriculum vitae and letter of application that they can demonstrate their abilities in this area.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

akiley

Posts: 6

Joined: Wed Jan 26, 2022 10:48 pm

Post by akiley » Mon Jan 31, 2022 8:15 pm

Individualization and Gilbert Simondon

Individualization: being unique in the way you learn and needs to be met. It is to engage in the right environment to support or express yourself with comfort. 

Gilbert Simondon is a philosopher known for his work or study in individualization. He inspired others to continue to study individualization. He believed that each individual was connected but still boils down to each individual. In a way we are connected but each atom has to be in a spot in order to make a whole.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/31/2022 1:08:41
Subject: about grades and grading
------------------------------------------------------------
Preface

 

Please hold your horses (metaphor) for the time being. Students are still entering the course and you will find some re-grouping in your fishbowls. Late-comers have yet to register in the fishbowl and I am setting them up. It is my primary concern right now. 

The course is a reading and writing one. We are learning to read into words and sentences and, we are learning to express our learning through writing. Speaking is on the back-burner for the time being. Please keep this in mind.

VOCABULARY is done for all capitalized letters, even if they are being repeated. Google SEARCHES are in parenthesis. 

You will receive specific instructions from current research methodologies. It is not difficult at all, and you always surprise everyone with your abilities, enthusiasm and character. 

Thank you for your patience at this time. Slow and steady and one word at a time wins this race.

Read, read and read everything three times. Particularly re-read after you have done the vocabulary and google searches. You are learning through OSMOSIS. The beautiful thing about learning is that no one can take it away from you!

Sanjiv

**********************************

Re: Grades and Grading

Hi Everyone,

How are you? The best thing we learn from storms is they end. I hope you got to play after this one.

I want to talk about grades and grading in the fishbowl. 

Historically, there have been four grades:

30% fall in the straight-A box, 

30% in the A-minus box, and 

30% get a B+. 

Around 10 percent get a B.

My job is to distinguish between the A-minus and the straight-A. The straight-A gets a letter of recommendation (please see below) and co-authorship on a research abstract developed during the semester. The latter is not always possible because it is peer reviewed before acceptance. 

The straight-A is reserved for those IMMERSED in the fishbowl. 

They are visible to all during the course of the semester.

They DISPLAY leadership in their text, i.e., their postings are helpful to readers seeking greater understanding of the subject matter.

This is achieved whenever you are AUTHENTIC and TRANSPARENT regarding your LEARNING.

You will receive specific steps regarding this process.

Process and Practice of Learning are the CORNERSTONES for getting the COVETED A.

You are adding value to the fishbowl, and not just copying the next person to complete your work.

EVIDENCE of your work and learning is visible to all; it is not between you and me for there is no place where we cannot be seen.

The difference between B+ and A- is in the quantity and quality of your postings. 

You are expected to complete all assignments on a regular and timely fashion.

Every thing less than the above is a B. No one deserves below a B because the EXPECTATION is that you are reading, reading and reading. 

Why wouldn’t you, is the question.

You get collective feedback regularly with regard to process. My letters in the fishbowl will have selected postings attached to make a point as to what you are doing and how you are doing it. One-on-one feedback is frowned upon and considered FUDGING. We are 140 of us together in the fishbowl. 

Explanations regarding process are encouraged but not whether you did it right/wrong because there is no such thing in the fishbowl. 

The question is only whether you are SATISFIED or not. If you are not, then edit, and re-edit until you feel you have done your best. 

You can improve/change your postings at any point in the semester because there are no deadlines. 

However, it is only regular work that makes the straight-A; not those who pile it on at a later date.

It’s about being ENGAGED with your learning on a CONTINUAL BASIS. 

There is no escaping this if you want an A in the course. 

I'm reproducing two letters of RECOMMENDATION as examples earned by straight-A students ....

To,

The Admissions Committee, 

I am happy to write this letter of recommendation for Mr. XXXX. He successfully completed BUS448: International Dimensions of Business and BUS443: Organizational Design & Change in the Spring of 2020. Mr. XXXX is a diligent student and completed both courses through academic excellence and hard work, earning the grades of A. 

Mr. XXXX displayed a superior ability to articulate complex concepts and apply them in various contexts, readily and effectively. 

1. In BUS448, Mr. XXXX reached a level of achievement in ‘constructing meaning’ across different world-views. He led his group by developing a complex interactive communications system that was extraordinary in its effectiveness, versatility and potential. 

XXXX displays an innate ability to discern subtle yet critical international and cross-cultural elements of communication in various contexts. 

2. During the crisis of COVID-19 this past semester, XXXX developed a framework for learning online. He has developed a mature understanding of the fundamentals of digital participation, online collaboration, and network awareness.

3. XXXX has learnt to exert control over the use of always-on communication channels. His work depicts the mindful use of digital media. ‘Thinking about what you are doing and why you are doing it instead of going through the motions’ is fundamental to Mr. XXXX working practice. This is a relevant attribute for people entering the workplace in post COVID-19. 

4. Finally, XXXX is versed in the following research methodologies: Social-Reflexivity, Participant-Observation and Symbolic-Interactionism. He co-authored a research paper titled “Immersive Learning: Heuristic Device for Transmitting Social Imaginaries.” The Abstract and full paper were accepted at the International Conference: EDULEARN20, after blind-review by International faculty.

I believe XXXX has the intellect, personality and ambition that will allow him to be successful in whatever pursuit he chooses to undertake. He is particularly suited for graduate studies. I recommend him with great enthusiasm. 

If you have any questions regarding Mr. XXXX or this letter, please be free to email me.

Thank you.

Sd/

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN

I am happy to write this letter of recommendation for Ms. XXXX. She successfully completed my course on Business in Society (MGT 345) in the Fall, 2021.

XXXX is an excellent student and earned an A in this course through her academic ability, diligence and hard work. She displayed a superior ability to articulate complex concepts and apply them into various contexts readily and effectively. 

XXXX reached a high level of achievement in constructing ‘meaning’ when communicating across different cultures. She led her group in one project by developing a complex interactive communications system that was extraordinary in its effectiveness, versatility and potential. XXXXX also displayed an innate ability to discern the subtle yet critical cultural elements of the class in various contexts. She listens, with genuine interest, to new ideas and questions. XXXX caring attention was surely the basis for her group’s continuing curiosity and desire to learn.

XXXX is one of the most outstanding students I have had the pleasure of teaching, and I believe strongly that she has the intellect, personality and ambition that will allow her to be successful in pursuits she chooses to undertake. 

XXXX co-authored an Abstract which was accepted at an international conference after peer review:

XXXX., et. al. 'Constructing Social Spaces For Effective Learning and Aesthetic Responses Through Reflexive Reading in Visual Realities’ submitted to INTED22, 16th annual International Technology, Education and Development Conference, 7-8 March, 2022. 

Ms. XXXX will be an asset to any educational institution. She is particularly suited to pursue further studies. I recommend her with great enthusiasm. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me by phone or by email: sanjivdugal@uri.edu

Sanjiv Dugal, Ph.D.

Associate Professor, Management

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/28/2022 12:51:38
Subject: redressing concerns
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well; being well is central to all learning. There are several things I must attend to before this week is over. I hope they redress some of the confusion, misconception and miscommunication that surely prevails.

1. Both MGT345 and MGT448 went online/blended because of reasons beyond my control. Those who elected for in-class and face-to-face instruction may please add/drop other sections offered. Specifically, MGT 345 sections 1 to 4 and MGT 448 section 1.

There will be no Zoom, only our text in the Fishbowl, visible to all under Active Topics on the top right hand corner button.

The courses are Asynchronous. You can complete your work in your own time and, your learning can proceed at your own pace and, always in your own space. You are never behind nor left out. You can join in at any point by jumping in.

2. There are several students enrolled in both courses, and some are in the fishbowl for the second time around. Most of my letters are common to both courses. This raises the immediate question of doing vocabulary and google searches twice? 

Your learning experience and its expression in the fishbowl is differentiated by the meaning you construct. 

We are applying the following tools to generate ideas (i.e., words), structures (i.e, sentences), knowing (i.e.,experience) and knowledge (i.e., content): sorting, sifting, selecting, comparing, contrasting, categorizing, shading, gradation, variation, modulation, subtlety and nuance. These will be part of our vocabulary subsequently.

We are neither perceiving nor conceiving the environment as fixed or static in any way, but shifting and moving in action. We are in charge of our own destiny because we are creating and constructing our realities. 

In other words, the same word and the same image (in the two courses) offers the possibility and opportunity of a different interpretation and meaning. And the same google search has different notes in the taking and making. How far you wish to take your learning in each course is solely in your hands.

I will talk about grades and grading in my next letter. What is the reward for striving for a higher grade in the fishbowl where there is no distinction between right and wrong?

A suggestion and a tip before closing. Read, read and read everything three times. Mull and ponder over words. Growth happens only in the mind, and only upon reflection. More on this later. 

Please don’t hesitate in emailing me directly if anything is bothering you or confusing you. Identifying your course number and section is helpful. If I don’t respond within a day, it is never intentional.

Be safe.

Sanjiv

MULL, PONDER, WORD, POSSIBILITY, PERCEIVE, CONCEIVE, OPPORTUNITY, ENVIRONMENT, GENERATE, EXPRESSION, MEANING, REWARD 

from the fishbowl...

AidanSousa

Posts: 5

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 1:34 pm

 post by AidanSousa » Thu Jan 27, 2022 7:09 pm

I really enjoyed this song, and its a nice twist on ignorant patriotic songs, which often over-glorify our country. The lyrical content focuses on our short comings, and how we cradle the best and worst, which I believe to be true. The song mentions the grief, greed, and hate, implying they are all fundamental parts of our society, as much as they shouldn't be. "Democracy coming to the USA" is a really well thought out line, because although we believe our nation to be the epitome of fairness and equality, we couldn't seem farther away, and the hopefulness of the lyrics should help us believe that someday we can reach that goal.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/28/2022 12:49:07
Subject: redressing concerns
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well; being well is central to all learning. There are several things I must attend to before this week is over. I hope they redress some of the confusion, misconception and miscommunication that surely prevails.

1. Both MGT345 and MGT448 went online/blended because of reasons beyond my control. Those who elected for in-class and face-to-face instruction may please add/drop other sections offered. Specifically, MGT 345 sections 1 to 4 and MGT 448 section 1.

There will be no Zoom, only our text in the Fishbowl, visible to all under Active Topics on the top right hand corner button.

The courses are Asynchronous. You can complete your work in your own time and, your learning can proceed at your own pace and, always in your own space. You are never behind nor left out. You can join in at any point by jumping in.

2. There are several students enrolled in both courses, and some are in the fishbowl for the second time around. Most of my letters are common to both courses. This raises the immediate question of doing vocabulary and google searches twice? 

Your learning experience and its expression in the fishbowl is differentiated by the meaning you construct. 

We are applying the following tools to generate ideas (i.e., words), structures (i.e, sentences), knowing (i.e.,experience) and knowledge (i.e., content): sorting, sifting, selecting, comparing, contrasting, categorizing, shading, gradation, variation, modulation, subtlety and nuance. These will be part of our vocabulary subsequently.

We are neither perceiving nor conceiving the environment as fixed or static in any way, but shifting and moving in action. We are in charge of our own destiny because we are creating and constructing our realities. 

In other words, the same word and the same image (in the two courses) offers the possibility and opportunity of a different interpretation and meaning. And the same google search has different notes in the taking and making. How far you wish to take your learning in each course is solely in your hands.

I will talk about grades and grading in my next letter. What is the reward for striving for a higher grade in the fishbowl where there is no distinction between right and wrong?

A suggestion and a tip before closing. Read, read and read everything three times. Mull and ponder over words. Growth happens only in the mind, and only upon reflection. More on this later. 

Please don’t hesitate in emailing me directly if anything is bothering you or confusing you. Identifying your course number and section is helpful. If I don’t respond within a day, it is never intentional.

Be safe.

Sanjiv

MULL, PONDER, WORD, POSSIBILITY, PERCEIVE, CONCEIVE, OPPORTUNITY, ENVIRONMENT, GENERATE, EXPRESSION, MEANING, REWARD 

from the fishbowl...

AidanSousa

Posts: 5

Joined: Mon Jan 24, 2022 1:34 pm

 post by AidanSousa » Thu Jan 27, 2022 7:09 pm

I really enjoyed this song, and its a nice twist on ignorant patriotic songs, which often over-glorify our country. The lyrical content focuses on our short comings, and how we cradle the best and worst, which I believe to be true. The song mentions the grief, greed, and hate, implying they are all fundamental parts of our society, as much as they shouldn't be. "Democracy coming to the USA" is a really well thought out line, because although we believe our nation to be the epitome of fairness and equality, we couldn't seem farther away, and the hopefulness of the lyrics should help us believe that someday we can reach that goal.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/25/2022 3:03:30
Subject: at the end of this day
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope the first day of school went reasonably well for you.

School is stressful. Always has been through the ages, and always will be.

At this stage, you are seeking clarification and communication.

You are setting things up. Lining them up.

Whenever you slow the mind and focus on words, the further you go.

The slower you are, the farther you travel. That is a paradox.

Pragmatics and Caveats...

We are 130 in the fishbowl.

In MGT 345-5 we are 43 in number.

In MGT 345-6 we are 42.

In MGT 448-2 we are 45.

You will find us sorted in groups of three, listed by our last names.

Your goal for this week is to reach that blank page in the fishbowl which has your name on it.

Once you are there, Introduce yourself 

by 

Sharing the Meaning 

of your name, and 

whether you personify your name.

Do you live up to it? 

How will you get to this page?

Read my letter and instructions for registration/entry into the fishbowl.

If you stumble or fall, write directly to me or better still, to a class mate.

We attend to each other in the fishbowl.

Some caveats...

1. When you type www.sanjivdugal.net

on the first page that appears, DO NOT fill your user name and password on this page.

Click Registration on the top right hand corner AND IT WILL ASK YOU FOR YOUR USER NAME AND PASSWORD.

2. When you are asked to Activate your Account (scrolling down to page 5), the communication will reach your email immediately. Some times it lands in your spam folder.

Some reminders...

1. Read my letters sequentially to get the hang of things.

2. Read each letter three times as a practice to avoid stress and miscommunication. More on that later.

3. Once in the fishbowl, click around and familiarize yourself. Later, I will give you tips to simplify being in the fishbowl.

Finally, reach that blank space which has your name on it and introduce yourself. We are looking at each other.

There is no Zoom, and there is no Brightspace. There is only you in your space with your name on it. 

You will find my letters in your email and also in the fishbowl under Letters.

Good luck! I think of you all the time.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/25/2022 3:02:44
Subject: At the end of this day
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope the first day of school went reasonably well for you.

School is stressful. Always has been through the ages, and always will be.

At this stage, you are seeking clarification and communication.

You are setting things up. Lining them up.

Whenever you slow the mind and focus on words, the further you go.

The slower you are, the farther you travel. That is a paradox.

Pragmatics and Caveats...

We are 130 in the fishbowl.

In MGT 345-5 we are 43 in number.

In MGT 345-6 we are 42.

In MGT 448-2 we are 45.

You will find us sorted in groups of three, listed by our last names.

Your goal for this week is to reach that blank page in the fishbowl which has your name on it.

Once you are there, Introduce yourself 

by 

Sharing the Meaning 

of your name, and 

whether you personify your name.

Do you live up to it? 

How will you get to this page?

Read my letter and instructions for registration/entry into the fishbowl.

If you stumble or fall, write directly to me or better still, to a class mate.

We attend to each other in the fishbowl.

Some caveats...

1. When you type www.sanjivdugal.net

on the first page that appears, DO NOT fill your user name and password on this page.

Click Registration on the top right hand corner AND IT WILL ASK YOU FOR YOUR USER NAME AND PASSWORD.

2. When you are asked to Activate your Account (scrolling down to page 5), the communication will reach your email immediately. Some times it lands in your spam folder.

Some reminders...

1. Read my letters sequentially to get the hang of things.

2. Read each letter three times as a practice to avoid stress and miscommunication. More on that later.

3. Once in the fishbowl, click around and familiarize yourself. Later, I will give you tips to simplify being in the fishbowl.

Finally, reach that blank space which has your name on it and introduce yourself. We are looking at each other.

There is no Zoom, and there is no Brightspace. There is only you in your space with your name on it. 

You will find my letters in your email and also in the fishbowl under Letters.

Good luck! I think of you all the time.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/24/2022 7:51:55
Subject: we meet online in a fishbowl
------------------------------------------------------------
Good morning Everyone,

How are you today? I want to make sure you understand we're Online for the time being this semester. 

We will have opportunity to meet face-to-face later in the semester for reality checks, after establishing our processes and practices for knowledge building. 

The course is Online/Blended and we interact in a digital Fishbowl and not on Brightspace.

This means you don’t need to come to class on MWFs. 

Those who signed-up for MGT345-0005 and -0006, and MGT448-0002 because the course is listed face-to-face, please consider add/drop sections MGT 345-0001, MGT-0002, MGT-0003 and MGT-0004 and MGT 448-0001. PLease let me know if you have any difficulty in doing so.

Thank you for your cooperation.

Best wishes,

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/24/2022 7:50:48
Subject: we meet online in a fishbowl
------------------------------------------------------------
Good morning Everyone,

How are you today? I want to make sure you understand we're Online for the time being this semester. 

We will have opportunity to meet face-to-face later in the semester for reality checks, after establishing our processes and practices for knowledge building. 

The course is Online/Blended and we interact in a digital Fishbowl and not on Brightspace.

This means you don’t need to come to class on MWFs. 

Those who signed-up for MGT345-0005 and -0006, and MGT448-0002 because the course is listed face-to-face, please consider add/drop sections MGT 345-0001, MGT-0002, MGT-0003 and MGT-0004 and MGT 448-0001. PLease let me know if you have any difficulty in doing so.

Thank you for your cooperation.

Best wishes,

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/24/2022 5:40:15
Subject: Fishbowl instructions to Register
------------------------------------------------------------
Good morning Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well on this first day of class. We are online and we are asynchronous.

This entire semester, our work will consist of reading and writing text in a fishbowl. 

We are knowledge workers, creating and constructing knowledge content, together and apart.

Registering in the Fishbowl...

Go to www.sanjivdugal.net

click on the Jackson Pollock painting.

1. The first page that comes up, CLICK ON THE TOP RIGHT HAND CORNER WHERE IT SAYS: REGISTER

2. The next page that comes up will ask you for your username: type your full name. Your password is your last name.

Example: 

username: sanjivdugal

password: dugal

3. Scroll down the pages and fill out the questions being asked. 

4. Page 5 is the critical page. You have to ACTIVATE YOUR ACCOUNT, so follow the instructions on this page. Follow the link shown.

5. You have registered correctly by now. One last PASSWORD. 

BEFORE YOU CAN ENTER, YOU WILL BE ASKED AGAIN FOR A PASSWORD.

TYPE: fishbowl

This extra password was necessitated to prevent spam.

You are in. The pdf below has the prototype of the five pages to register.

Good luck! I can’t wait to see you in the fishbowl. Subsequently, I will give you further tips for working in the fishbowl.

I have your names and addresses visible in this email for you to benefit from each other. 

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/24/2022 5:39:18
Subject: Fishbowl instructions to Register
------------------------------------------------------------
Good morning Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well on this first day of class. We are online and we are asynchronous.

This entire semester, our work will consist of reading and writing text in a fishbowl. 

We are knowledge workers, creating and constructing knowledge content, together and apart.

Registering in the Fishbowl...

Go to www.sanjivdugal.net

click on the Jackson Pollock painting.

1. The first page that comes up, CLICK ON THE TOP RIGHT HAND CORNER WHERE IT SAYS: REGISTER

2. The next page that comes up will ask you for your username: type your full name. Your password is your last name.

Example: 

username: sanjivdugal

password: dugal

3. Scroll down the pages and fill out the questions being asked. 

4. Page 5 is the critical page. You have to ACTIVATE YOUR ACCOUNT, so follow the instructions on this page. Follow the link shown.

5. You have registered correctly by now. One last PASSWORD. 

BEFORE YOU CAN ENTER, YOU WILL BE ASKED AGAIN FOR A PASSWORD.

TYPE: fishbowl

This extra password was necessitated to prevent spam.

You are in. The pdf below has the prototype of the five pages to register.

Good luck! I can’t wait to see you in the fishbowl. Subsequently, I will give you further tips for working in the fishbowl.

I have your names and addresses visible in this email for you to benefit from each other. 

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/23/2022 5:47:58
Subject: Being in the Know of things
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well and getting school underway.

There are several things I must convey so you experience MGT 345 and MGT 448 with a particular frame of mind.

CONVEY, EXPERIENCE, PARTICULAR, FRAME, MIND

We will not be meeting in the allotted classrooms and scheduled time on MWF. 

We have gone online for the present and we will remain asynchronous for the most part.

ASYNCHRONOUS

What this means is you will enter and exit in digital space whenever you want. 

There will be no show-and-tell in a zoom meeting and nor are there any deadlines for assignments.

We are striving for maximum learning and minimum tension.

STRIVE, LEARN, TENSION

Our digital space aka The Fishbowl has been set up and I will send you instructions before long.

Basically, you will have your own space in which you will do your postings and your work during the semester.

There are responsibilities, however, that we must fulfill if we want to get our show on the road.

The show is the on-going creation of a Society in 345 and a Culture in 448.

The fishbowl is founded upon freedom of thought, movement and perception.

The fishbowl is the bedrock of American Society and American Culture.

The fishbowl belongs to you, individually and collectively.

At this point in time, you have opened a folder: Letters, and you are placing my letters in them.

You are reading and contemplating everything three times and, you are getting to be in the know of things.

READ, CONTEMPLATE, KNOW

Happy to be here with you!

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/23/2022 5:47:18
Subject: Being in the know of things
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well and getting school underway.

There are several things I must convey so you experience MGT 345 and MGT 448 with a particular frame of mind.

CONVEY, EXPERIENCE, PARTICULAR, FRAME, MIND

We will not be meeting in the allotted classrooms and scheduled time on MWF. 

We have gone online for the present and we will remain asynchronous for the most part.

ASYNCHRONOUS

What this means is you will enter and exit in digital space whenever you want. 

There will be no show-and-tell in a zoom meeting and nor are there any deadlines for assignments.

We are striving for maximum learning and minimum tension.

STRIVE, LEARN, TENSION

Our digital space aka The Fishbowl has been set up and I will send you instructions before long.

Basically, you will have your own space in which you will do your postings and your work during the semester.

There are responsibilities, however, that we must fulfill if we want to get our show on the road.

The show is the on-going creation of a Society in 345 and a Culture in 448.

The fishbowl is founded upon freedom of thought, movement and perception.

The fishbowl is the bedrock of American Society and American Culture.

The fishbowl belongs to you, individually and collectively.

At this point in time, you have opened a folder: Letters, and you are placing my letters in them.

You are reading and contemplating everything three times and, you are getting to be in the know of things.

READ, CONTEMPLATE, KNOW

Happy to be here with you!

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/23/2022 5:45:17
Subject: MGT 345-005/6 GOING ONLINE/BLENDED
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are safe and keeping well. 

Due to conditions relating to the pandemic, MGT 345, sections 05 and 06, and MGT 448 will be delivered online/blended.

You will have the opportunity to go face-to-face later in the semester, after your process and practice in the course is established.

The course is not delivered on Bright Space, please note that. 

It is delivered on a simpler platform which we call The Fishbowl.

All work during the semester is posted in the Fishbowl.

Instructions will follow for registering in the Fishbowl. 

Sanjiv’s Letters and not lectures is the pedagogy being used in the course. Please open a Folder: Sanjiv’s Letters.

Thank you for considering MGT 345 sections 05 and 06 and MGT 448.

Wishing you every success this semester.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/23/2022 5:44:05
Subject: MGT 448-0002 GOING ONLINE/BLENDED
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are safe and keeping well. 

Due to conditions relating to the pandemic, MGT 345, sections 05 and 06, and MGT 448 will be delivered online/blended.

You will have the opportunity to go face-to-face later in the semester, after your process and practice in the course is established.

The course is not delivered on Bright Space, please note that. 

It is delivered on a simpler platform which we call The Fishbowl.

All work during the semester is posted in the Fishbowl.

Instructions will follow for registering in the Fishbowl. 

Sanjiv’s Letters and not lectures is the pedagogy being used in the course. Please open a Folder: Sanjiv’s Letters.

Thank you for considering MGT 345 sections 05 and 06 and MGT 448.

Wishing you every success this semester.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/22/2022 11:54:19
Subject: Syllabus MGT 448: International and Cultural Dimensions of Business
------------------------------------------------------------
UNIVERSITY OF RHODE ISLAND

COLLEGE OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION

SPRING 2022

Sanjiv S. Dugal, Ph.D.

Human Resource Management

Address: sanjivdugal@uri.edu

Office Hours: Upon Request

MGT 448

INTERNATIONAL AND CULTURAL DIMENSIONS OF BUSINESS

PREFACE

“Culture is the expression of values, a common, renewable resource in which we meet one another, learn what can unite us and how to engage with differences in a shared space. Those differences exist within and between cultures. They must be acknowledged and engaged with. An inclusive, democratic, sustainable city enables that process, and is strengthened by it too. Culture is the creative workshop with which citizens can imagine responses to our common challenges. Sometimes it is a solution, sometimes it how we discover other solutions.” (The 2020 Rome Charter)

Taking this understanding of cultural democracy further, this semester’s agenda focuses on the key question laid out by the Rome Charter:

Culture provides its inhabitants with opportunities of shared spaces, places of learning and engagement which is led by an experience of differences and diversity within. What are these enablers which help cities to move towards an inclusive, democratic and sustainable way of life?

I. INTRODUCTION 

How do you navigate and negotiate a situation that is foreign and strange? A situation where the Other's language, customs and culture are unknown, and you have no predetermined script nor map on the ground. Under these circumstances, what skills are necessary to successfully collaborate on projects together.

“As we globalize, we increasingly have to interact, manage, negotiate and compromise with people from different cultures. Working with people whose values and beliefs, not to mention languages and customs are different from your own can make for costly misunderstandings. Experience tells us, often painfully, that one’s behavior, actions and decisions are not separate from one’s values and beliefs. All social behavior is embedded in a particular context and is connected to other deeply held values and beliefs. This means that the stakes are high for mismanaging cultural differences.” (Lisa Hoecklin, 'Managing Cultural Differences: Strategies for Competitive Advantage,' The Economist Intelligence Unit Series, Addison-Wesley, 1995)

ii. PERSPECTIVE: PROBING DIFFERENCES

As participants in the course, we are comparing each other’s cultural assumptions in terms of broad value differences. Values, according to Hofstede’s definition, is ‘a broad tendency to prefer certain states of affairs over others.’ The course identifies four dimensions of work-related value differences across cultures and builds on Hofstede’s research on power distance, uncertainty avoidance, individualism/collectivism and masculinity/femininity. In MGT 448, our individual differences in preferences, or values, have important implications for the outcome of your semester.

The course focuses on learning ‘how to probe’ for differences among ourselves in the belief that differences give a comparative perspective that provides a reflective lens for understanding why we do things the way we do them. Managing differences gives your group not only its identity but also its competitive advantage.

"In a global marketplace, many leading international business scholars are arguing that sustainable competitive advantages are increasingly changing from ‘harder ’ efficiency sources to ‘softer ’ effectiveness sources, such as, managing differences in values and beliefs. Our differences provide a reflective lens to see where we're positioned with regards to each other." (Hoecklin).

Empirical evidence suggests that creating sustainable advantages when operating with different cultures will take the following skills:

a. an ability to express;

b. flexibility in thought and action;

c. sharing and disclosing one’s position in a situation; and,

d. abstracting from the particulars of an interaction.

In order to develop these capabilities, you are being asked to communicate, collaborate, create and connect in digital space, which the course dubs as The Fishbowl.

III. CREATING A GLOBAL EXPERIENCE: THE FISHBOWL

The Fishbowl is a social network of writing/viewing/experiencing. The Fishbowl is something knowable only in specific Fishbowl practices and contingencies during the course of the semester. Understanding globalization is recognizing 'networks of meaning,’ such as those experienced in your Fishbowl, on a vast scale. In other words, we are constructing and creating meaningful experiences among ourselves that is made:

of subjectivity (in its nascent state); 

of the social (in its mutant state); and, 

of the cultural (at the point of reinvention).

IV. METHODOLOGIES: PARTICIPANT OBSERVATION, INTERPRETIVISM, SYMBOLIC INTERACTIONISM

The course fulfills the logical sequence of awareness (of differences among ourselves), knowledge (of those differences) and communication (of those differences). These three traits, viz., awareness, knowledge and communication, underlie the development of cross-cultural skills (Geert Hofstede).

The course utilizes Participant Observation, Interpretivism and Symbolic Interactionism as research methods for addressing cross-cultural questions such as:

How do you experience the ‘other’ culture?

That is, how do you experience the other’s deeply held values and beliefs?

What do you see?

How do you feel?

What did you do?

V. TEXT

1. ‘Exploring Culture, Exercises, Stories and Synthetic Cultures,’ by Gert van Hofstede, Paul B. Pedersen, Geert Hofstede. Intercultural Press, Boston, London, 2002.

Real-life exercises and stories, all with debriefings, make much of this book ideally suited for self-study. Specific activities and exercises are steps towards awareness and knowledge of differences. We will practice intercultural communication skills, and playfully experience what it feels and means to be a ‘foreigner.’

2. 'Managing Cultural Differences: Strategies for Competitive Advantage,' by Lisa Hoecklin, 'The Economist Intelligence Unit Series, Addison-Wesley, 1995. ON RESERVE IN LIBRARY.

VI. GRADE DISTRIBUTION

1. Regularity and Quality of Posting in the Fishbowl: 50%

Your grade is based upon your efforts in developing a network of symbolic structures within the Fishbowl. There will be interactive and ongoing assignments that will help you create a knowing and knowledge content around four dimensions of culture-related values, viz., identity (individualism/collectivism); gender (masculinity/femininity); power distance; and, uncertainty avoidance. These interactive assignments are 50% of your grade.

2. Attending to Meaning in Social Space: 30%

We 'attend to meaning' by sharing, responding and listening to each other. Your process will be assessed on the importance you place on 'attending to meaning.' Working in the Fishbowl is an interactive practice of shared words, symbols, images and felt-experiences. 

“When operating in a global economy, if you want your philosophies, objectives, products and services to be not only understood but also believed by employees, customers and partners in different cultures, you must attend to what these things mean to the people in each culture.” (Hoecklin, p.3)

Faster and better learning through realization is a large part of the assessment logic.

3. Final: A Self-Reflexive Process 20%

In the final analysis, you’re exploring differences in meanings that exist between group members working together on a particular idea. Your final paper (three pages, double–spaced and written individually) presents your group-experience as a coherent idea. You're obliged to become self-reflexive, suspend preconceptions, and imagine being a resident-alien researcher, who has come to study the culture of an American group in Rhode Island; Your fishbowl.

VII. SELF-ASSESSMENT IN THE FISHBOWL

Learning is about actively combining enriching experiences with academic rigor and creative opportunities. Interaction during the semester requires courage to push back boundaries of past experiences and explore the possibilities available to you. In the Fishbowl, you experience the excitement of discovering what you are capable of achieving, far more than you ever felt or thought possible. 

The following Elements are Essential:

* Knowledge

* Concept

* Skill

* Attitude

* Action

The student is able to make accurate self-assessments at any point during the semester based upon the following criteria:

BEGINNING (B) 

You have basic knowledge and skills. 

DEVELOPING (D)

You are making conceptual connections. 

ACHIEVING (A)

You have acquired knowledge and skills and making conceptual connections, and thereby developing new learning.

EXCELLING (E)

You are applying knowledge and skills beyond grade-level expectations and demonstrate self-initiated action in unfamiliar situations. You are self-motivated and an independent learner.

VIII. CONCLUSION: FISHBOWL LEARNER PROFILE

The aim of the Fishbowl is to develop global-minded participants who recognize their common purpose and shared responsibility when creating a learning environment. 

Fishbowl participants strive To Be the following:

1. Inquirers 

We nurture our curiosity, developing skills for inquiry and research.

2. Knowledgeable 

We develop and use conceptual understanding, exploring knowledge across a range of disciplines. We engage with issues and ideas that have local and global significance.

3. Thinkers 

We use critical and creative thinking skills to analyze and take responsible action on complex issues. We exercise initiative in making reasoned, ethical decisions.

4. Communicators 

We express ourselves with confidence and creatively in many ways. We collaborate actively, listening carefully to the perspectives of other individuals and groups.

5. Principled 

We act with integrity and honesty with a strong sense of fairness and justice, and with respect for the dignity and rights of Fishbowl participants.We take responsibility for our actions and their consequences.

6. Open-minded 

We critically appreciate our own cultures and personal histories, as well as the values and traditions of others. We seek and evaluate a range of points of view, and we are willing to grow from the experience.

7. Caring 

We show empathy, compassion and respect. We have a commitment to service, and we act to make a positive difference in the lives of others and in the world around us.

8. Risk-takers 

We approach uncertainty with forethought and determination; we work independently and cooperatively to explore new ideas and innovative strategies. We are resourceful and resilient in the face of challenges and change.

9. Balanced 

We understand the importance of balancing different aspects of our lives, intellectual, physical, and emotional, to achieve well-being for ourselves and others. We recognize our interdependence with other people.

10. Reflective 

We thoughtfully consider the world and our own ideas and experience. We work to understand our strengths and weaknesses in order to support our learning and personal development.

WELCOME TO MGT 448

ADDENDUM 1: TECHNOLOGIES UNDERLYING MGT 448

FISHBOWL TECHNOLOGY

Knowledge outcomes 

provider and user value 

knowledge-work 

ways of doing knowledge

range of experience 

range of caring 

learning process 

learning outcome 

level of engagement 

generating subjectivities 

interactive systems 

felt experiences 

relational practice 

dialogical exchange

aesthetic response

sharing process 

creating interactively

creative dialectic 

working towards commonality 

focused presence 

conversation and dialog 

constant assessment 

discerning emerging story-line 

responsibility and result 

commitment to aesthetic response 

transparency and authenticity 

engagement and impact 

attitude and motivation 

vocabulary and thought-images 

resonance and calibration 

meaning and significance

ADDENDUM 2: FIVE OBJECTIVES STATED BY UNIVERSITY OF Rhode Island:

1. Acquiring skills in working with others as a member of a team.

2. Developing creative capacities (writing, inventing, designing, performing).

3. Developing skill in expressing oneself in writing.

4. Learning how to critically evaluate ideas, arguments, and points of view.

5. Acquiring an interest in learning more by asking questions and seeking answers.

Success requires that you keep pace with the work, understand course concepts, and study effectively. The Academic Enhancement Center (www.uri.edu/aec) is a great place to do this. At the AEC you can work alone or in groups, and tutors and professional learning specialists are available to help you to learn, manage your time and work, and study well. They’re open Monday through Thursday from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. and Fridays until 1 p.m. All services are free (the coffee is free as well!), and no appointment is needed. You can call them for complete information at 874-2367, or just stop by the center on the fourth floor of Roosevelt Hall. 

THANK YOU

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/22/2022 11:50:02
Subject: Syllabus MGT 345: Business in Society
------------------------------------------------------------
University of Rhode Island

COLLEGE OF BUSINESS

Spring 2022

BUSINESS IN SOCIETY

MGT 345

INSTRUCTOR: SANJIV S. DUGAL

ADDRESS: sanjivdugal@uri.edu

OFFICE HOURS:

Upon Request 

PREFACE

“Word-work is sublime because it is generative; it makes meaning that secures our difference, our human difference—-the way in which we are like no other life.” 

Toni Morrison

 

I. INTRODUCTION: BUSINESS IN SOCIETY

All major social changes are ultimately characterized by a transformation of space and time in the human experience. The most profound social change is taking place in new communication technologies that are fostering the development of social spaces of visual reality. The Internet is the backbone of this global computer-mediated communication. Please see: https://www.internetsociety.org/internet/

MGT 345: Business in Society is placed within the framework of two fundamental transformations in our daily lives: the fragmentation of societies and the individualization of work. 

II. BUILDING A SOCIETY: A NETWORK OF VISUAL REALITY

Participants in MGT 345 develop and experience two interrelated concepts during the semester: The Network Society and Visual Reality. We will be developing networks of visual realities characterized by the instantaneous flow of “thought-images” among ourselves. Our networks reflect distinctive realities that are “individuations,” outside any academic or state regulation. That is to say, we will be developing unique social relations (forms of relatedness) that are manifestations of our personal network and flow of information. In organically formed groups, we develop a ‘flow’ of information among ourselves in a network shaped by algorithms, and continually accessible on our screens. The result is a visual reality, a ‘way of seeing’ and ‘being’ in the world that is unique to us, the participants. A ‘way of seeing’ is the key manifestation of ‘the network society’ according to Manuel Castells (2010). The question we’re confronting in the course: what is our ‘way of seeing’ the world? What is the visual reality of our network society?

III. COURSE DICTUM: DESCRIBE THINGS

In the course, you work like phenomenologists whose dictum is: Describe Things. The things that are described denote any ordinary thing or object or event as it presents itself to one’s experience, rather than as it may or may not be in reality. To ‘describe’ is to strip away distractions, habits, cliches of thought, presumptions and received ideas, in order to return attention to what is called ‘things in themselves.’ To capture them exactly as they appear, rather than as you think they are supposed to be. Like blind-tasting. In the course, you ‘set aside’ or ‘bracket out’ theorizing and moralizing about what the thing is, so that we are left only with the intense and immediate experience of the phenomenon. The result is a great liberation. It frees you to talk about your experience as a serious topic of investigation. The course gives a formal mode of access to one’s human experience. 

In other words, we’re concerning ourselves with concrete felt-experiences and individual aesthetic responses. We talk about our own lives while still being methodical and rigorous. Our rigor has to do with describing phenomena. Saying the music concert or the homework assignment was great is not enough. You have to stay committed to describing experience. Traditionally, we begin learning with theories from textbooks. In this course, you’re going straight for life as you experience it, moment to moment. What does it mean to be in the moment? Anticipation, perhaps? What is it for the thing ‘anticipation’ to exist, to Be? Until we ask such fundamental questions, we will not get anywhere. The method is to disregard intellectual clutter and pay attention to ‘things’ and let them reveal themselves to you.

IV. COURSE METHOD: ETHNOGRAPHIC ACTION RESEARCH

Ethnographic Action Research (EAR) is a form of participatory action research. The ethnographic approach combined with action research means that the course builds upon notions of immersion, long-term engagement and understanding local contexts holistically. Basically, the course combines three approaches: participatory techniques, ethnography and action learning. Participatory techniques are used to help participants understand complex issues in an inclusive and participatory manner. Ethnography has traditionally been used to understand different cultures in detail, and rejects preconceived ideas and categories in favor of locally emergent ones. Action learning allows us to turn what we learn from re-search into actions, then re-search those actions, and adjust and adapt accordingly.

A foundational concept of EAR is ‘communicative ecologies.’ A communicative ecology is made up of communicative assemblages and refers to the complex systems of communication, media and information flows in a community. Whenever we start to notice HOW participants communicate around certain themes, or HOW they accomplish certain tasks, we start to appreciate which channels and flows are used and why; and, how this relates to other possible uses, and therefore, where are the opportunities and barriers to a development initiative.

V. “IS THERE A TEXT IN THIS CLASS?” 

You will receive around 100 letters during the trajectory of the semester. What happens to you as readers of these letters, and what does their text make you feel and do is bring into the world something that hitherto did not exist. At best this can be qualified as visual reality. Reading the letters in a particular way is the focal point in the course because it sets in motion a whole chain of activities that depend on both, the text and on the exercise of your human faculties (senses, wits, reason, intelligence). In other words, the letter’s text represents a potential effect that is realized in the reading process. This happens whenever you, as reader, assemble the meaning of the letter in a process of ‘re-creative dialectics.’ 

To get the participation going, there are necessary prerequisites. These prerequisites are laid out in the letters in a wide range of specific instructions. By the end of the course, you are able to see how you generate and occupy ideas, abstractions and words; how you move about and how you conduct yourself in perceptual space.

The following seminal Texts are used by the Instructor as references in MGT 345:

Reference:

1. Manuel Castells, 2010, The Rise Of The Network Society, Vol.1-3, Wiley-Blackwell

2. Margaret Dikovitskaya, 2005, Visual Culture, M.I.T. Press

3. David Harvey, 1990, The Condition of Post Modernity, Blackwell

4. Nicholas Mirzoeff, 2016, How To See The World, Basic Books

5. Mike Chang and Nigel Thrift, Eds, 2000, Thinking Space, Routledge

6. Zygmunt Bauman, 2003, Liquid Love, Polity

7. Anthony Giddens, 1986, The Constitution of Society, California University Press

8. Antonio Negri, 2008, The Porcelain Workshop: For a New Grammar of Politics, Semiotext(e)

9. Bruno Latour, 2007, Reassembling the Social, Oxford

10. Muriel Combes, 2013, Gilbert Simondon and the Philosophy of the Transindividual, The MIT Press.

11. Wolfgang Iser, 2006, how to do theory, Blackwell Publishing, MA, USA; Oxford, UK; Victoria, Australia

VI. PRACTICE AND PROCESS

The method that is practiced in MGT345 begins with the simple act of paying attention to a word with care and respect. Word-practices are found in many traditions around the globe. It is having awareness that arises by non-judgmentally paying attention, on purpose, to the present moment. Such awareness is a combination of receptivity, like listening, alertness and attentive presence. That is, letting everything else be in the background or letting it go entirely.

The course requires a different thinking; a thinking that ‘knowing,’ reminds you, awakens you, brings you to yourself, transforms you. Besides claiming to transform the way you think about doing business in society, the course promises to change how you think about yourselves. There is no traced-out path that will lead you; you must constantly invent your own path. But to invent it, you have to be free, responsible, without excuse, for every hope lies within you. In the end, we have no other interest than this: to reconnect with normal lived-experience. 

VII. ASSESSMENT AND EVALUATION: FORMING A SOCIETY

In MGT 345, we are developing skills to convince viewers of the advantages of one’s semantic and action-orienting powers. Our success, under the circumstances, will have the following two characteristics: first, multiple channels of communication that helped us frame issues; and second, credibility that is enhanced by sustained practices and processes. When undertaking any developmental initiative, it is, ultimately, our sustained practices and processes that will determine success.

VIII. GRADE: DISTRIBUTION

1. Transnational Organizations 40%

Empirical research identifies four characteristics of successful transnational organizations, viz., 

Integrated Networking Structures, 

Complex Adaptive Systems, 

Dynamic Decision-Making, and 

Unique Innovative Capabilities. 

Each characteristic is developed by participants in an interactive exercise of 10 steps.

2. Deep Reading: Concepts, Images, Perspectives: 20%

You are developing slower and essential cognitive processes such as critical thinking, reflection, and empathy—-all parts of deep reading. 

What you read, how you read, and why you read what you read changes how you think. The quality of your reading is not only an index of the quality of your thought, it is the best-known path to developing whole new path-ways.

3. Deconstructing Letters: 20%

The act of taking on the perspective and feelings of others is communication effected in solitude and depicts an intimate emotional dimension within the course experience. Through analogies, drawing inferences, and arriving at independent judgments, you learn to “deconstruct” text and thereby generate feelings and experiences.

4. Final Reflection: Visual Reality and Network Society: 20%

Reflecting on your visual reality and network society by “looking at yourself looking at yourself.”

IX. POSTSCRIPT: INDIVIDUATION 

Individuation, or the way you distinguish yourself from others, is always in relationship and, it is a process. Individuation makes awareness, action and evaluation possible. 

At the end of the day, after it is all said and done, your grade is determined by two things: level of engagement and creation of value. How often, how much and to what end did you develop and individuate yourself? To address that, you’re expected to regularly respond under the following Topic heads:

1. Notes: Taking and Making 

2. Vocabulary: Concepts and Thought-images

3. Reading Process and Deconstructing Text 

4. Four Interactive Assignments

EPILOGUE

“MGT 345 is about becoming who you are. Upon completing the course, you are not arriving at any fixed destination nor will you find some permanent room with a view. But you will see and experience for yourselves that whenever you reach for the highest, you become who you are.” 

WELCOME TO MGT 345

Addendum 1: Underlying Technologies 

I. MGT 345: BUSINESS IN SOCIETY

Knowledge outcome 

provider and user value 

knowledge-worker 

ways of doing knowledge

range of experience 

range of caring 

learning process 

learning outcome 

level of engagement 

generating subjectivities 

interactive systems 

felt experiences 

relational practice 

dialogical exchange

aesthetic response

sharing process 

creating interactively

creative dialectic 

working towards commonality 

show-up, turn-on and tune-in 

focused presence 

conversation and dialog 

constant assessment 

discerning emerging story-line 

responsibility and result 

commitment to aesthetic response 

transparency and authenticity 

engagement and impact 

attitude and motivation 

vocabulary and thought-images 

resonance and calibration 

meaning and significance

II. SOCIAL TECHNOLOGIES

Computer-Mediated Communication 

Cyber Behavior 

E-Collaboration

End-User Computing

Human Aspects of Business 

Human Aspects of Technology 

Human Resources Development 

Human Computer Interaction 

Knowledge Society

Social Networking 

Ubiquitous and Pervasive Computing 

Virtual Communities and Virtual Reality

III. EDUCATIONAL TECHNOLOGIES

Adult Learning 

Applied E-Learning 

Cognitive Learning

Computer-Assisted Language Learning 

Distance Education 

Virtual Learning Environments 

Web-Based Teaching and Learning

IV. INTELLIGENT TECHNOLOGIES

Complex Adaptive Systems 

Cognitive Informatics 

Collective Intelligence 

Computational Intelligence 

Computational Linguistics 

Computer Image and Vision Processing Cybernetics

Addendum 2: Five Objectives stated by the University of Rhode Island

1. Acquiring skills in working with others as a member of a team.

2. Developing creative capacities (writing, inventing, designing, performing).

3. Developing skill in expressing oneself in writing.

4. Learning how to critically evaluate ideas, arguments, and point of view. 

5. Acquiring an interest in learning more by asking questions and seeking answers.

Success requires that you keep pace with the work, understand course concepts, and study effectively.

The Academic Enhancement Center (www.uri.edu/aec) is a great place to do this. At the AEC you can work alone or in groups, and tutors and professional learning specialists are available to help you to learn, manage your time and work, and study. The URI Writing Center, located in Roosevelt Hall 009 (lower level, Memorial Union end), offers one-on-one and small group peer tutoring for student writers in all majors who need help developing ideas or would benefit from advice on any aspect of writing. The Center serve all student writers, not just “beginners.” Writers are encouraged to bring a draft, notes, syllabus, or any relevant information to help facilitate the session. Appointments are 45 minutes in length and can be scheduled online at uri.mywconline.com. It's best to make appointments in advance, especially during midterms and finals, but we often have same-day and drop-in appointments available throughout the day so writers can stop by to see what's open. For more information visit uri.edu/aec/writing.

They’re open Monday through Thursday from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. and Fridays until 1 p.m. All services are free (the coffee is free as well!), and no appointment is needed. You can call them for complete information at 874-2367, or just stop by the center on the fourth floor of Roosevelt Hall.

Thank You

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/22/2022 11:43:36
Subject: Welcome Aboard!
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

My name is Sanjiv Dugal and I am a professor in Human Resource Management, teaching MGT 345 and MGT 448. You may call me Sanjiv. I welcome you to 2022 Spring semester. You will NOT find me in Bright Space but in my letters. So please set up a Folder and call it: Sanjiv’s Letters.

Ten years from now, my guess is that I will remember, not just the destruction wrought by the pandemic, but also many valuable lessons it taught me.

I think the first lesson was the Value of Gratitude. 

During the pandemic, every morning I started making a list of things that happened the previous day that I needed to be grateful for. It turned out to be a surprisingly long list, day after day. As the pandemic raged on, the list doubled and tripled in length because there was so much more to be grateful every day. A warm bed. The roof over my head. Food on the table. And most of all, civility with which I'm always greeted.

The second great lesson was the Value of Resilience. 

I know my work stayed on track because students showed amazing resilience. Each of you is an inspiring example of resilience. For you, life changed overnight. At a very crucial time, schools closed, but you adapted quickly. You faced constraints but you found creative solutions to overcome them. You learned to study online. You gave exams without physical proximity. You sent-off university applications and pursued educational goals. You used hard technology to sustain softer aspects of life such as friendships and camaraderie. Life turned upside down, but you did not let it keep you down.

 

The third great lesson was the Value of Recognition.

I began to recognize how much my welfare depends on the welfare of others. When the crisis first struck, I hardly thought the pandemic could shatter lives. But after that, I began to realize how your absence makes my life and work so much more difficult. It hit home to me that in a crisis, the most vulnerable are the foundation on which economic prosperity and the quality of our life depends.

So let us congratulate each other for arriving at this point. Through collaboration and coordination, aspiring for clarity, coherence and connection, we shall prevail once more.

I am attaching the syllabi for MGT 345 and MGT 448 The courses are not difficult, as you will discover during the course of the semester. Further clarifications and explanations of the syllabi will follow.

Welcome aboard!

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/22/2022 11:42:06
Subject: Welcome Aboard!
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

My name is Sanjiv Dugal and I am a professor in Human Resource Management, teaching MGT 345 and MGT 448. You may call me Sanjiv. I welcome you to 2022 Spring semester. You will NOT find me in Bright Space but in my letters. So please set up a Folder and call it: Sanjiv’s Letters.

Ten years from now, my guess is that I will remember, not just the destruction wrought by the pandemic, but also many valuable lessons it taught me.

I think the first lesson was the Value of Gratitude. 

During the pandemic, every morning I started making a list of things that happened the previous day that I needed to be grateful for. It turned out to be a surprisingly long list, day after day. As the pandemic raged on, the list doubled and tripled in length because there was so much more to be grateful every day. A warm bed. The roof over my head. Food on the table. And most of all, civility with which I'm always greeted.

The second great lesson was the Value of Resilience. 

I know my work stayed on track because students showed amazing resilience. Each of you is an inspiring example of resilience. For you, life changed overnight. At a very crucial time, schools closed, but you adapted quickly. You faced constraints but you found creative solutions to overcome them. You learned to study online. You gave exams without physical proximity. You sent-off university applications and pursued educational goals. You used hard technology to sustain softer aspects of life such as friendships and camaraderie. Life turned upside down, but you did not let it keep you down.

 

The third great lesson was the Value of Recognition.

I began to recognize how much my welfare depends on the welfare of others. When the crisis first struck, I hardly thought the pandemic could shatter lives. But after that, I began to realize how your absence makes my life and work so much more difficult. It hit home to me that in a crisis, the most vulnerable are the foundation on which economic prosperity and the quality of our life depends.

So let us congratulate each other for arriving at this point. Through collaboration and coordination, aspiring for clarity, coherence and connection, we shall prevail once more.

I am attaching the syllabi for MGT 345 and MGT 448 The courses are not difficult, as you will discover during the course of the semester. Further clarifications and explanations of the syllabi will follow.

Welcome aboard!

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/11/2021 11:11:48
Subject: tryst with destiny
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this morning? We have, one and all, actors, audience and voyeurs done well for ourselves because we got the picture and the message. 

Image and text.

Please see Andrew Barr’s images and text, re-structured at the stroke of midnight. 

Our gestures in the fishbowl simultaneously reflect each of us; like Indra’s net!

The fishbowl remains accessible, but is now officially closed for evaluation over the next five days. 

A tryst with destiny!

Sanjiv

GESTURE, TRYST, DESTINY

from the fishbowl...

andrewbarr

Posts: 111

Joined: Fri Sep 24, 2021 2:41 pm

Post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:47 pm

9/12

"To address the meaning of anything, we turn to the dictionary, aka the carpenter's tool-box."

A tool-box is an arsenal of tools that someone may need to accomplish a task. In the task of searching for meaning behind words, we always look in the dictionary. This may not always give a full picture, as it does not interpret between the lines.

Post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:47 pm

9/15

"In this reality, which is perceptual and visual, we lead a double life"

There is an objective and subjective reality. The objective reality is what is seen, what is visual. This is not disputable, because it is quite literally what has occurred and been seen. What can be disputed is the perception of that visual reality. The same reason why eyewitness testimony is not heavily favored in court is because perception can be deceiving.

Post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:47 pm

9/17

"Because there is no right nor wrong in such a reality"

The fishbowl has no right and no wrong answer. This forum is about determining what sounds and appears to be the correct meaning in the eyes of the beholder.

Post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:47 pm

9/19

"A daily practice of reflection, contemplation and meditation is a good idea."

Practicing meditation, reflection and contemplation can lead to discovering new areas of your psyche that you were locked away from. Reflecting on yourself and your actions at the end of a day can help you make more educated decisions in the future.

Post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:48 pm

9/20

"We are in a reality where even silence speaks"

This reminds me of the terms “deafening silence,” and “silence speaks volumes.” Sometimes, not saying something at all can be more impactful than saying anything. In a technological world, silence is much easier to come by as textual communication is easily ignored.

Post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:48 pm

9/22

"The fishbowl is about our ability to see our words as symbols, metaphors and images."

The fishbowl is all about developing and training a third eye, interpreting the words and symbols we see to apply on a greater scale.

Post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:49 pm

9/24

"technologies of lived abstraction"

This refers to the development and understanding of the concepts that inquire the process of emergence in the world today.

Post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:49 pm

9/26

"We can also see each other looking at each other."

The fishbowl allows the users to see how many views have been on a single person’s posts. This alludes to the fact that we can see when others are looking at our posts, AKA seeing each other look at each other.

Post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:50 pm

9/28

"Copying is an essential part of being human because without copying we cannot understand ourselves or the world we live in. "

Humans by nature are social creatures. We mimic the world around us in an attempt to become part of a social and cultural structure. By copying what is said and done around us we assimilate to cultural norms and find a place in the world.

Post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:51 pm

9/29

"The nature and effect of metaphor is complex and fundamental"

Metaphors create analogies between ideas. If something is explicitly told, it is either not a metaphor or is a lackluster one at best. Being able to interpret words beyond literal meaning is a key skill in the textual world we live in, it is fundamental.

Post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:51 pm

10/5

"We live in a textual world and we are made by language."

This is true now more than ever. Text is the primary form of communication in the modern world. I have many more conversations over textual mediums than face-to-face or via audio/video. Humans are social creatures and we communicate to stay alive.

Post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:51 pm

10/6

"Your work is ’singular' and lives only for the moment and then it is archived."

In an educational sense, this is true. Work is completed and accomplished and then sent for grading, never to be touched again. From a societal point of view, this can be disputed, as one could argue the legacy of one’s work lives for more than just the moment.

andrewbarr

Posts: 111

Joined: Fri Sep 24, 2021 2:41 pm

post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:51 pm

10/9

"Your fishbowl is testimony that your alchemy is a result of a habit of careful observation and reflection."

The fishbowl is a compilation of all of our ideas and interpretations of information. In an alchemical sense, this is like a melting pot of all the ideas we encounter over the course of this semester.

post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:52 pm

10/9

"reading allows us to recognize each other."

Reading teaches language and thoughtfulness. By reading, we are able to better engage and recognize what is meant between the lines, developing the third eye. Developing the third eye is key to understanding and recognizing what people mean when they speak to you. Certain mannerisms can be distinguished textually allowing someone to be identified just through speech.

post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:53 pm

10/12

"reading is the focal point because it sets in motion a whole chain of activities that depend on words and on your ability to express them. "

Reading is a focal point because it expands our vocabulary and better allows us to express the message we are trying to convey. When one person’s vocabulary is more advanced than another's, a disconnect can occur.

post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:56 pm

10/14

"As humans we are both spirit and flesh"

This sentence encapsulates the spiritual belief that we have about our world around us and our place in it. There is a physical, objective, tangible world, and there is a metaphorical, non-physical, psychological world that exists within ourself.

 post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:57 pm

10/22

"we convey the making of ourselves"

I took this sentence to mean that we convey what we want others to see about ourselves and who we are. These posts convey the inner workings of our minds, and the way we portray ourselves is effectively the "making of ourselves" in the sense that we create a perception to the outside world, an alias is created.

post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:58 pm

11/05

"One's 'frame of mind' is a reflexive one."

Being able to develop a frame of mind requires the ability to reflect and create thoughts about yourself from an objective standpoint. Taking stock of your thoughts, words and actions is crucial to developing an accurate and stable perception of the world.

andrewbarr

Posts: 111

Joined: Fri Sep 24, 2021 2:41 pm

post by andrewbarr » Sat Dec 11, 2021 12:00 am

11/08

"being adrift on the high seas in a fishbowl."

The fishbowl can be compared to an entire sea when you consider the scale of a fishbowl compared to the fish inside of it. To us from an outside perspective, a fishbowl is small, but to a fish, the fishbowl is massive and daunting. This is a metaphor for the fishbowl being difficult to maneuver and create inside of due to the need for reflection and interpretation.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/11/2021 11:10:21
Subject: tryst with destiny
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this morning? We have, one and all, actors, audience and voyeurs done well for ourselves because we got the picture and the message. 

Image and text.

Please see Andrew Barr’s images and text, re-structured at the stroke of midnight. 

Our gestures in the fishbowl simultaneously reflect each of us; like Indra’s net!

The fishbowl remains accessible, but is now officially closed for evaluation over the next five days. 

A tryst with destiny!

Sanjiv

GESTURE, TRYST, DESTINY

from the fishbowl...

andrewbarr

Posts: 111

Joined: Fri Sep 24, 2021 2:41 pm

Post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:47 pm

9/12

"To address the meaning of anything, we turn to the dictionary, aka the carpenter's tool-box."

A tool-box is an arsenal of tools that someone may need to accomplish a task. In the task of searching for meaning behind words, we always look in the dictionary. This may not always give a full picture, as it does not interpret between the lines.

Post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:47 pm

9/15

"In this reality, which is perceptual and visual, we lead a double life"

There is an objective and subjective reality. The objective reality is what is seen, what is visual. This is not disputable, because it is quite literally what has occurred and been seen. What can be disputed is the perception of that visual reality. The same reason why eyewitness testimony is not heavily favored in court is because perception can be deceiving.

Post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:47 pm

9/17

"Because there is no right nor wrong in such a reality"

The fishbowl has no right and no wrong answer. This forum is about determining what sounds and appears to be the correct meaning in the eyes of the beholder.

Post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:47 pm

9/19

"A daily practice of reflection, contemplation and meditation is a good idea."

Practicing meditation, reflection and contemplation can lead to discovering new areas of your psyche that you were locked away from. Reflecting on yourself and your actions at the end of a day can help you make more educated decisions in the future.

Post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:48 pm

9/20

"We are in a reality where even silence speaks"

This reminds me of the terms “deafening silence,” and “silence speaks volumes.” Sometimes, not saying something at all can be more impactful than saying anything. In a technological world, silence is much easier to come by as textual communication is easily ignored.

Post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:48 pm

9/22

"The fishbowl is about our ability to see our words as symbols, metaphors and images."

The fishbowl is all about developing and training a third eye, interpreting the words and symbols we see to apply on a greater scale.

Post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:49 pm

9/24

"technologies of lived abstraction"

This refers to the development and understanding of the concepts that inquire the process of emergence in the world today.

Post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:49 pm

9/26

"We can also see each other looking at each other."

The fishbowl allows the users to see how many views have been on a single person’s posts. This alludes to the fact that we can see when others are looking at our posts, AKA seeing each other look at each other.

Post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:50 pm

9/28

"Copying is an essential part of being human because without copying we cannot understand ourselves or the world we live in. "

Humans by nature are social creatures. We mimic the world around us in an attempt to become part of a social and cultural structure. By copying what is said and done around us we assimilate to cultural norms and find a place in the world.

Post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:51 pm

9/29

"The nature and effect of metaphor is complex and fundamental"

Metaphors create analogies between ideas. If something is explicitly told, it is either not a metaphor or is a lackluster one at best. Being able to interpret words beyond literal meaning is a key skill in the textual world we live in, it is fundamental.

Post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:51 pm

10/5

"We live in a textual world and we are made by language."

This is true now more than ever. Text is the primary form of communication in the modern world. I have many more conversations over textual mediums than face-to-face or via audio/video. Humans are social creatures and we communicate to stay alive.

Post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:51 pm

10/6

"Your work is ’singular' and lives only for the moment and then it is archived."

In an educational sense, this is true. Work is completed and accomplished and then sent for grading, never to be touched again. From a societal point of view, this can be disputed, as one could argue the legacy of one’s work lives for more than just the moment.

andrewbarr

Posts: 111

Joined: Fri Sep 24, 2021 2:41 pm

post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:51 pm

10/9

"Your fishbowl is testimony that your alchemy is a result of a habit of careful observation and reflection."

The fishbowl is a compilation of all of our ideas and interpretations of information. In an alchemical sense, this is like a melting pot of all the ideas we encounter over the course of this semester.

post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:52 pm

10/9

"reading allows us to recognize each other."

Reading teaches language and thoughtfulness. By reading, we are able to better engage and recognize what is meant between the lines, developing the third eye. Developing the third eye is key to understanding and recognizing what people mean when they speak to you. Certain mannerisms can be distinguished textually allowing someone to be identified just through speech.

post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:53 pm

10/12

"reading is the focal point because it sets in motion a whole chain of activities that depend on words and on your ability to express them. "

Reading is a focal point because it expands our vocabulary and better allows us to express the message we are trying to convey. When one person’s vocabulary is more advanced than another's, a disconnect can occur.

post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:56 pm

10/14

"As humans we are both spirit and flesh"

This sentence encapsulates the spiritual belief that we have about our world around us and our place in it. There is a physical, objective, tangible world, and there is a metaphorical, non-physical, psychological world that exists within ourself.

 post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:57 pm

10/22

"we convey the making of ourselves"

I took this sentence to mean that we convey what we want others to see about ourselves and who we are. These posts convey the inner workings of our minds, and the way we portray ourselves is effectively the "making of ourselves" in the sense that we create a perception to the outside world, an alias is created.

post by andrewbarr » Fri Dec 10, 2021 11:58 pm

11/05

"One's 'frame of mind' is a reflexive one."

Being able to develop a frame of mind requires the ability to reflect and create thoughts about yourself from an objective standpoint. Taking stock of your thoughts, words and actions is crucial to developing an accurate and stable perception of the world.

andrewbarr

Posts: 111

Joined: Fri Sep 24, 2021 2:41 pm

post by andrewbarr » Sat Dec 11, 2021 12:00 am

11/08

"being adrift on the high seas in a fishbowl."

The fishbowl can be compared to an entire sea when you consider the scale of a fishbowl compared to the fish inside of it. To us from an outside perspective, a fishbowl is small, but to a fish, the fishbowl is massive and daunting. This is a metaphor for the fishbowl being difficult to maneuver and create inside of due to the need for reflection and interpretation.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/10/2021 19:08:21
Subject: bitter-sweet
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? 

How does one leave a ‘sphere,' which was an ‘assemblage' of concepts, images, affects and feelings, with its own vocabulary and ‘discourse’? 

A 'perceptual space' where we were 'participant-observers,' conscious of being in the act of perceiving each other; apperception. A space where true knowledge was only the knowledge of knowledge, and reference to something was founded upon reference to oneself.

Upon leaving, I would say that our relation to every ‘sphere' tends to articulate itself primarily through possibilities, opportunities, and chances, instead of according to linear and univocal directions. 

As we leave with our experiences, our theoretical challenge remains to identify new and important ways of experiencing things through forms of re-arranged word structures. For example, I would say that in your fishbowls (through new vocabulary, google searches and letters), you artfully weaved together historical and contemporary perspectives with emerging technological developments to reveal innovative possibilities for creation. Congratulations!

Please see reflection below.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

Post by Danman002 » Mon Dec 06, 2021 1:32 pm

Finale

The finale is not only the end but the beginning in some cases. The end or Finale can open many doors and opportunities to create and try new things. The end as they say is bitter sweet.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/10/2021 19:07:48
Subject: bitter-sweet
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? 

How does one leave a ‘sphere,' which was an ‘assemblage' of concepts, images, affects and feelings, with its own vocabulary and ‘discourse’? 

A 'perceptual space' where we were 'participant-observers,' conscious of being in the act of perceiving each other; apperception. A space where true knowledge was only the knowledge of knowledge, and reference to something was founded upon reference to oneself.

Upon leaving, I would say that our relation to every ‘sphere' tends to articulate itself primarily through possibilities, opportunities, and chances, instead of according to linear and univocal directions. 

As we leave with our experiences, our theoretical challenge remains to identify new and important ways of experiencing things through forms of re-arranged word structures. For example, I would say that in your fishbowls (through new vocabulary, google searches and letters), you artfully weaved together historical and contemporary perspectives with emerging technological developments to reveal innovative possibilities for creation. Congratulations!

Please see reflection below.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

Post by Danman002 » Mon Dec 06, 2021 1:32 pm

Finale

The finale is not only the end but the beginning in some cases. The end or Finale can open many doors and opportunities to create and try new things. The end as they say is bitter sweet.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/8/2021 23:00:53
Subject: construct a knowing
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I was in self-doubt as to what I must write to MGT448. 

That is, what frame or structure; and which dimension and dichotomy must I adopt? 

I do know that whenever you are stuck, it is words that show you the way. 

Of course, they can also lead you astray.

I also know the spark for creativity can come from anywhere, so long you stay close to text. That is, being in awareness of the differences in meaning, and the significance of one's words. Anyway, upon reading Mat Greene’s posting below, and his juxtaposition of text, I knew then the framework with which to construct a knowing and knowledge.

II.

The “other” in the films (Japanese Story and Outsourced) are operating on different dimensions entirely. We experience that when we watch the films as ethnomethodologists.

How do you spot the concept (that is, one word) and the dimension (of two words)?

Example: Identity: collective/individualist

Navigating and negotiating in unchartered terrain, one word (step) at a time...until trust and friendship is established. See Japanese Story.

You pick a word or phrase spoken, and along with the context (image in the film) you deconstruct the text/image and above all, share it with the other.

Observation and Interpretation. The cornerstone of communication across cultures.

You don’t have to get stuck with Hofstede’s dimensions. I’m not particularly fond of them myself. The world is far more complex. But they are a good starting point. We create dimensions and concepts with words, and whenever we are rigid with our dimensions, and the meaning of words, we fail to make a connection. You see this repeatedly in Outsourced. We see how quickly Todd Anderson adapts and comes out ahead. He visited URI, you know. Smart guy. He made a film of his experience with strong messages.

What were Todd's attributes?

Curiosity and wonder is big.

Showing Respect is a given.

Listening to a local person for explanation.

Reflecting, continuously.

Understanding how symbols work. Asha explaining Goddess Kali (please google) as a symbol.

Bottom line: Listen and watch the Other, simultaneously maintain your Critical Autonomy, but above all, share your reflection. By so doing, Todd Anderson in Outsourced and Sandy in Japanese Story transformed themselves.

Sanjiv

SHARE, REFLECTION

from the fishbowl...

mgreene3146

Posts: 173

Joined: Tue Sep 14, 2021 2:42 pm

post by mgreene3146 » Wed Dec 08, 2021 12:45 pm

11-29

Other- In phenomenology, the terms the Other and the Constitutive Other identify the other human being, in his and her differences from the Self, as being a cumulative, constituting factor in the self-image of a person; as acknowledgement of being real; hence, the Other is dissimilar to and the opposite of the Self, of Us, and of the Same. The Constitutive Other is the relation between the personality (essential nature) and the person (body) of a human being; the relation of essential and superficial characteristics of personal identity that corresponds to the relationship between opposite, but correlative, characteristics of the Self, because the difference is inner-difference, within the Self. The condition and quality of Otherness (the characteristics of the Other) is the state of being different from and alien to the social identity of a person and to the identity of the Self.

Critical Autonomy- The basic idea of critical autonomy (as I understand it) is that one holds oneself to consistent criteria for evaluation of traits like credibility, accuracy, point of view, etc. – the basic features of most informational texts – as well as understanding (or, when necessary, seeking understanding) of the “how and why”/constructedness of all forms of media, from the most personal/amateur (a YouTube video or an email from a friend, say) to the most professional (a Hollywood blockbuster or fashion magazine).

A “critically autonomous person” can either answer questions about a given thing or at least tell you how one would reasonably find those answers; this person would also know what kinds of questions to ask about the thing.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/8/2021 21:12:09
Subject: Methodological Innovations
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

The Open Access Sage Publication called Methodological Innovations' call for papers closes the circle of the social construction of knowledge and knowing in Academia; pretty much the same the world over.

You have been a participant-observer in this process. Congratulations!

It takes 10 years, I am told, to be Top of the Heap.

Sanjiv

Begin forwarded message:

From: "Methodological Innovations" <info@email.sagepub.com>

Subject: Get involved with our journal

Date: December 8, 2021 at 11:03:39 AM EST

To: "sanjivdugal@uri.edu" <sanjivdugal@uri.edu>

Reply-To: "DO NOT REPLY" <noreply@email.sagepub.com>

View as webpage | Email alerts

SAGE OA Logo

Interested in publishing your paper?

This is an international, open access journal and the principal venue for publishing peer-reviewed, social-research methods articles.

View the submission guidelines for details on formatting your manuscript and finding out about the article processing charge due if your paper is accepted after peer review.

Submit your paper

Journal Cover

Methodological Innovations 

 

Get involved

Read published articles: Enjoy browsing through content from Methodological Innovations. New articles are regularly added for you to read and share.

Explore the Special Issues Index: Look through published Special Issues from Methodological Innovations

View the Aims and Scope: Discover the full scope of topics covered by Methodological Innovations.

Review the Submission Guidelines: Find more details on formatting your manuscript and learn more about the article processing charge due if your paper is accepted after peer review.

Apply to become a Reviewer: Peer reviewers provide an essential service by driving research within their fields of expertise and contributing to publication excellence.

Sign up for content alerts: Sign up and receive alerts when new articles are published online.

Featured articles

Stripping back the novelty: A critical reflection on the dual use of a comic-based approach to engage participants and publics by Jon Rainford

Effects of digital mediation and familiarity in online video interviews between peers by Ine Van Zeeland, Wendy Van den Broeck, Michelle Boonen, and Stephanie Tintel

Reducing respondents’ perceptions of bias in survey research by Adam Mayer

Browse more recent articles from Methodological Innovations

 

Author Services Banner

 

As a leading publisher of academic journals for more than 50 years and founding member of the Open Access Scholarly Publishers Association (OASPA), SAGE is committed to maintaining high quality in our open access content. SAGE is a publisher member of the Committee on Publication Ethics (COPE) and adheres to COPE’s Code of Conduct for Journal Publishers. Our open access journals publish papers that undergo a rigorous peer review process to ensure they meet our exacting standards. Please review our Open Access Position Statement for more information.

 

ABOUT US	CONTACT US	PRIVACY POLICY	UNSUBSCRIBE

SAGE Offices: 

Los Angeles: 2455 Teller Rd Thousand Oaks, CA 91320, USA 

London: 1 Oliver's Yard, 55 City Road, London, EC1Y 1SP, UK. Registration No. 1017514 

New Delhi: B-1/I-1, Mohan Cooperative Industrial Estate, Mathura Road, Post Bag 7, New Delhi 110 044, India 

Singapore: 8 Marina View #43-01, Asia Square Tower 1, Singapore 018960 

Washington, DC: 2600 Virginia Avenue NW, Suite 600, Washington, DC, 20037, USA 

Melbourne: Level 20, 114 William Street Melbourne, VIC 3000, Australia

This message was sent to sanjivdugal@uri.edu. 

1A01703	SAGE logo

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/8/2021 21:11:09
Subject: Methodological Innovations
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

The Open Access Sage Publication called Methodological Innovations' call for papers closes the circle of the social construction of knowledge and knowing in Academia; pretty much the same the world over.

You have been a participant-observer in this process. Congratulations!

It takes 10 years, I am told, to be Top of the Heap.

Sanjiv

Begin forwarded message:

From: "Methodological Innovations" <info@email.sagepub.com>

Subject: Get involved with our journal

Date: December 8, 2021 at 11:03:39 AM EST

To: "sanjivdugal@uri.edu" <sanjivdugal@uri.edu>

Reply-To: "DO NOT REPLY" <noreply@email.sagepub.com>

View as webpage | Email alerts

SAGE OA Logo

Interested in publishing your paper?

This is an international, open access journal and the principal venue for publishing peer-reviewed, social-research methods articles.

View the submission guidelines for details on formatting your manuscript and finding out about the article processing charge due if your paper is accepted after peer review.

Submit your paper

Journal Cover

Methodological Innovations 

 

Get involved

Read published articles: Enjoy browsing through content from Methodological Innovations. New articles are regularly added for you to read and share.

Explore the Special Issues Index: Look through published Special Issues from Methodological Innovations

View the Aims and Scope: Discover the full scope of topics covered by Methodological Innovations.

Review the Submission Guidelines: Find more details on formatting your manuscript and learn more about the article processing charge due if your paper is accepted after peer review.

Apply to become a Reviewer: Peer reviewers provide an essential service by driving research within their fields of expertise and contributing to publication excellence.

Sign up for content alerts: Sign up and receive alerts when new articles are published online.

Featured articles

Stripping back the novelty: A critical reflection on the dual use of a comic-based approach to engage participants and publics by Jon Rainford

Effects of digital mediation and familiarity in online video interviews between peers by Ine Van Zeeland, Wendy Van den Broeck, Michelle Boonen, and Stephanie Tintel

Reducing respondents’ perceptions of bias in survey research by Adam Mayer

Browse more recent articles from Methodological Innovations

 

Author Services Banner

 

As a leading publisher of academic journals for more than 50 years and founding member of the Open Access Scholarly Publishers Association (OASPA), SAGE is committed to maintaining high quality in our open access content. SAGE is a publisher member of the Committee on Publication Ethics (COPE) and adheres to COPE’s Code of Conduct for Journal Publishers. Our open access journals publish papers that undergo a rigorous peer review process to ensure they meet our exacting standards. Please review our Open Access Position Statement for more information.

 

ABOUT US	CONTACT US	PRIVACY POLICY	UNSUBSCRIBE

SAGE Offices: 

Los Angeles: 2455 Teller Rd Thousand Oaks, CA 91320, USA 

London: 1 Oliver's Yard, 55 City Road, London, EC1Y 1SP, UK. Registration No. 1017514 

New Delhi: B-1/I-1, Mohan Cooperative Industrial Estate, Mathura Road, Post Bag 7, New Delhi 110 044, India 

Singapore: 8 Marina View #43-01, Asia Square Tower 1, Singapore 018960 

Washington, DC: 2600 Virginia Avenue NW, Suite 600, Washington, DC, 20037, USA 

Melbourne: Level 20, 114 William Street Melbourne, VIC 3000, Australia

This message was sent to sanjivdugal@uri.edu. 

1A01703	SAGE logo

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/8/2021 11:52:19
Subject: honor among us
------------------------------------------------------------
dear Corey Longworth,

How are you? It is an ‘honor' for me as well, that you, along with your cohorts, make such a collaboration possible.

Our meeting yesterday morning, along with Evelin Dapprich was rich with symbolism. It was bound to be, for we have an intersubjective space between us, where every expression becomes a symbolic act.

And you came across in the best light of a great heritage. Still waters run deep.

Sanjiv

HONOR, COHORT

from the fishbowl...

CoreyLongworth

Posts: 67

Joined: Wed Sep 15, 2021 6:15 pm

CoreyLongworth » Tue Dec 07, 2021 6:20 pm

11/18 Abstract Submitted for Peer Review

CONSTRUCTING SOCIAL SPACES OF LEARNING THROUGH REFLEXIVE READING IN A VISUAL REALITY

I'm honored to have been included as a co-author in the abstract, which is the culmination of each of our contributions to the fishbowl, this social space we are creating, while sharing our passion for learning. The Actors, Audience, and Voyeurs each played a role in the making of the data set we are ultimately analyzing.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/8/2021 11:49:39
Subject: honor among us
------------------------------------------------------------
dear Corey Longworth,

How are you? It is an ‘honor' for me as well, that you, along with your cohorts, make such a collaboration possible.

Our meeting yesterday morning, along with Evelin Dapprich was rich with symbolism. It was bound to be, for we have an intersubjective space between us, where every expression becomes a symbolic act.

And you came across in the best light of a great heritage. Still waters run deep.

Sanjiv

HONOR, COHORT

from the fishbowl...

CoreyLongworth

Posts: 67

Joined: Wed Sep 15, 2021 6:15 pm

CoreyLongworth » Tue Dec 07, 2021 6:20 pm

11/18 Abstract Submitted for Peer Review

CONSTRUCTING SOCIAL SPACES OF LEARNING THROUGH REFLEXIVE READING IN A VISUAL REALITY

I'm honored to have been included as a co-author in the abstract, which is the culmination of each of our contributions to the fishbowl, this social space we are creating, while sharing our passion for learning. The Actors, Audience, and Voyeurs each played a role in the making of the data set we are ultimately analyzing.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/2/2021 20:51:57
Subject: rules of grammar and syntax
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you today? You’ve been on my mind.

It is always a reflexive space. 

Your text has the ability to generate more text 

We are inspiring each other by viewing each other’s text. 

We view our differences represented by our choice of words.

Like being on a catwalk.

Whenever a group of people, like ourselves in a fishbowl, occupy a common mental space (vocabulary) and a reading and writing strategy together (our procedures for posting), 

they form a society of extraordinary social complexity and ‘assemblages’ is one way of looking at it in visual space. 

Please google Assemblage Theory. 

From wiki:

Assemblage theory is an ontological framework developed by Gilles Deleuze and Félix Guattari, originally presented in their book A Thousand Plateaus(1980). Assemblage theory provides a bottom-up framework for analyzing social complexity by emphasizing fluidity, exchangeability, and multiple functionalities.[1] Assemblage theory asserts that, within a body, the relationships of component parts are not stable and fixed; rather, they can be displaced and replaced within and among other bodies, thus approaching systems through relations of exteriority.[1]

What makes us distinct as a fishbowl is that 

we are sharing strategies for reading and writing texts.

Namely, doing vocabulary, sharing google searches and deconstructing text.

We are what Stanley Fish calls an Interpretive community. Please google.

As a group of people, we share a common relation to a Text in the fishbowl. All of our writing brings the same transformational/interpretative procedures to bear on the text-to-be-interpreted or to be understood.

From this perspective, we are a textual society (please see Bettencourt’s posting), unified around adherence to a common set of rules which 'enable meaning transformation and mediations.’ That is to say, our society and culture in the fishbowl is comparable to the transformations made possible by the rules of grammar and syntax.

The world needs a new grammar and syntax. We need to describe the formation of an alternative horizon and look for a way to define the practices and modes of expression that democracy can take. 

The simple and concrete possibility of transforming the world is still here. 

The fishbowl that you have constructed is testimony to a new world order. 

Sanjiv

GRAMMAR, SYNTAX, ENABLE, TRANSFORMATION AND MEDIATION

from the fishbowl...

laurenbettencourt

Posts: 60

Joined: Tue Sep 14, 2021 9:49 am

Post by laurenbettencourt » Thu Dec 02, 2021 3:03 pm

Framing the situation 10/1

-Engaged and without pressure, only self-motivated interest

-Patterns will soon start to stick with you

-There are no boundaries… only connections

-Personal identity is rendered soft, fluid, endlessly open to the exercise of the will and the imagination

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/2/2021 20:49:34
Subject: rules of grammar and syntax
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you today? You’ve been on my mind.

It is always a reflexive space. 

Your text has the ability to generate more text 

We are inspiring each other by viewing each other’s text. 

We view our differences represented by our choice of words.

Like being on a catwalk.

Whenever a group of people, like ourselves in a fishbowl, occupy a common mental space (vocabulary) and a reading and writing strategy together (our procedures for posting), 

they form a society of extraordinary social complexity and ‘assemblages’ is one way of looking at it in visual space. 

Please google Assemblage Theory. 

From wiki:

Assemblage theory is an ontological framework developed by Gilles Deleuze and Félix Guattari, originally presented in their book A Thousand Plateaus(1980). Assemblage theory provides a bottom-up framework for analyzing social complexity by emphasizing fluidity, exchangeability, and multiple functionalities.[1] Assemblage theory asserts that, within a body, the relationships of component parts are not stable and fixed; rather, they can be displaced and replaced within and among other bodies, thus approaching systems through relations of exteriority.[1]

What makes us distinct as a fishbowl is that 

we are sharing strategies for reading and writing texts.

Namely, doing vocabulary, sharing google searches and deconstructing text.

We are what Stanley Fish calls an Interpretive community. Please google.

As a group of people, we share a common relation to a Text in the fishbowl. All of our writing brings the same transformational/interpretative procedures to bear on the text-to-be-interpreted or to be understood.

From this perspective, we are a textual society (please see Bettencourt’s posting), unified around adherence to a common set of rules which 'enable meaning transformation and mediations.’ That is to say, our society and culture in the fishbowl is comparable to the transformations made possible by the rules of grammar and syntax.

The world needs a new grammar and syntax. We need to describe the formation of an alternative horizon and look for a way to define the practices and modes of expression that democracy can take. 

The simple and concrete possibility of transforming the world is still here. 

The fishbowl that you have constructed is testimony to a new world order. 

Sanjiv

GRAMMAR, SYNTAX, ENABLE, TRANSFORMATION AND MEDIATION

from the fishbowl...

laurenbettencourt

Posts: 60

Joined: Tue Sep 14, 2021 9:49 am

Post by laurenbettencourt » Thu Dec 02, 2021 3:03 pm

Framing the situation 10/1

-Engaged and without pressure, only self-motivated interest

-Patterns will soon start to stick with you

-There are no boundaries… only connections

-Personal identity is rendered soft, fluid, endlessly open to the exercise of the will and the imagination

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/2/2021 1:03:00
Subject: creating, constructing and revealing phantasms
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you?

When you scroll the active topics at any time in the fishbowl, what you see is your "ability to construct and reveal phantasms--- blends of cultural ideas and sensory imagination.” (D. Fox Harrell) Please see Jillian Stack’s posting below.

How so? What does this mean? How do I interpret it and understand it? This is frightening to me!

What is my ability to construct and reveal what? 

Please cut the mumbo jumbo.

In the fishbowl you are constructing and revealing a "blend of cultural ideas and sensory imagination."

Deconstruct and substitute the words till you arrive at an understanding that is unique to you and your trajectory.

A blend of cultural words and sensory images.

A blend of community words and visual-experiences.

A blend of fishbowl words and felt-experiences.

Through this blend,

this merging and combination

of "cultural ideas and sensory imagination," 

this experience of the last several months, 

you have created and constructed 

"history as possibility" (Paulo Freire). Please google.

We are indeed a society and a sub-culture.

You are to be congratulated, mostly for your perseverance and discipline.

Sanjiv

BLEND, CULTURAL, IDEA, SENSORY, IMAGINATION, HISTORY, POSSIBILITY, PERSEVERANCE

from the fishbowl...

jillianstack

Posts: 187

Joined: Tue Sep 14, 2021 9:19 am

Post by jillianstack » Tue Nov 30, 2021 10:07 pm

Letter 11/30

Phantasmal Media:

In Phantasmal Media, D. Fox Harrell considers the expressive power of computational media. He argues, forcefully and persuasively, that the great expressive potential of computational media comes from the ability to construct and reveal phantasms—blends of cultural ideas and sensory imagination.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/2/2021 1:02:07
Subject: creating, constructing and revealing phantasms
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you?

When you scroll the active topics at any time in the fishbowl, what you see is your "ability to construct and reveal phantasms--- blends of cultural ideas and sensory imagination.” (D. Fox Harrell) Please see Jillian Stack’s posting below.

How so? What does this mean? How do I interpret it and understand it? This is frightening to me!

What is my ability to construct and reveal what? 

Please cut the mumbo jumbo.

In the fishbowl you are constructing and revealing a "blend of cultural ideas and sensory imagination."

Deconstruct and substitute the words till you arrive at an understanding that is unique to you and your trajectory.

A blend of cultural words and sensory images.

A blend of community words and visual-experiences.

A blend of fishbowl words and felt-experiences.

Through this blend,

this merging and combination

of "cultural ideas and sensory imagination," 

this experience of the last several months, 

you have created and constructed 

"history as possibility" (Paulo Freire). Please google.

We are indeed a society and a sub-culture.

You are to be congratulated, mostly for your perseverance and discipline.

Sanjiv

BLEND, CULTURAL, IDEA, SENSORY, IMAGINATION, HISTORY, POSSIBILITY, PERSEVERANCE

from the fishbowl...

jillianstack

Posts: 187

Joined: Tue Sep 14, 2021 9:19 am

Post by jillianstack » Tue Nov 30, 2021 10:07 pm

Letter 11/30

Phantasmal Media:

In Phantasmal Media, D. Fox Harrell considers the expressive power of computational media. He argues, forcefully and persuasively, that the great expressive potential of computational media comes from the ability to construct and reveal phantasms—blends of cultural ideas and sensory imagination.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/30/2021 22:31:15
Subject: about phantasms
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? There are some natural concerns among you, which I will address here.

There is no Final Exam as such.

Your final posting in the fishbowl must be before the day is out on December 10.

Your grades are sorted into: B, B+, A- and A.

I have pretty-much read every word you have posted.

If you only read the text generated in the fishbowl, and barely posted, nevertheless, your experience and learning warrants a B.

This is the period you can move one notch up.

There is a finale to the course which is going-on right now, and it consists of 12 and 16 words in the two courses. 

The How To is underway and it is on my end.

I am one letter behind in Culture (448). It is a difficult subject. 

Culture's contemplation and conversation invariably saves whatever catastrophe we find ourselves in, like Sandy and Hiromitsu in Japanese Story.

What an unlikely pair!

It boils down to stopping in our tracks and sincerely asking the “other": what did you mean by that?

Please remember that as a mantra. It was the hallmark of Todd Anderson in Outsourced (448), and got him home, transformed.

He was into self-reflexivity.

So was Lola in Kinky Boots (345). That’s an amazing story when you look at it closely. Charlie Price and Lola have made a ton of money, because they interpreted their story and framed themselves as iconic figures. Avatars from a mystical place, the Price Shoe Factory became a Factory of Fantasy. 

Please google Phantasmal Media and D.Fox Harrell. 

In Phantasmal Media, D. Fox Harrell considers the expressive power of computational media. He argues, forcefully and persuasively, that the great expressive potential of computational media comes from the ability to construct and reveal phantasms—blends of cultural ideas and sensory imagination.

 

It is what we are suggesting in the fishbowl: to do business in a digital society is to be in the production of icons. Producing and exchanging symbols. They are self-generated words. All words, interrelated in specific ways.

Please see Christina Germino’s posting below.

Sanjiv

ICON, MYSTICAL, AVATAR, FANTASY

from the fishbowl...

christinagermino

Joined: Tue Sep 14, 2021 2:17 pm

Tue Nov 30, 2021 4:25 pm

vocab: 

1. incarnate (adj): (especially of a deity or spirit) embodied in flesh; in human form.

2. spirit (noun): the nonphysical part of a person which is the seat of emotions and character; the soul.

3. embody (verb): be an expression of or give a tangible or visible form to (an idea, quality, or feeling).

4. symbol (noun): a thing that represents or stands for something else, especially a material object representing something abstract.

"symbols are a constant requirement of human nature which is made up of both soul and body" This stuck out to me because this is very true, and also we as humans love and gravitate towards symbols as they provide a sense of strong meaning and convey something that we can understand and relate to. Symbols are used in everyday life and in every industry. They make up our society and the way people feel about them is heavily dependent on their perspective and their individual experiences.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/30/2021 22:30:09
Subject: about phantasms
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? There are some natural concerns among you, which I will address here.

There is no Final Exam as such.

Your final posting in the fishbowl must be before the day is out on December 10.

Your grades are sorted into: B, B+, A- and A.

I have pretty-much read every word you have posted.

If you only read the text generated in the fishbowl, and barely posted, nevertheless, your experience and learning warrants a B.

This is the period you can move one notch up.

There is a finale to the course which is going-on right now, and it consists of 12 and 16 words in the two courses. 

The How To is underway and it is on my end.

I am one letter behind in Culture (448). It is a difficult subject. 

Culture's contemplation and conversation invariably saves whatever catastrophe we find ourselves in, like Sandy and Hiromitsu in Japanese Story.

What an unlikely pair!

It boils down to stopping in our tracks and sincerely asking the “other": what did you mean by that?

Please remember that as a mantra. It was the hallmark of Todd Anderson in Outsourced (448), and got him home, transformed.

He was into self-reflexivity.

So was Lola in Kinky Boots (345). That’s an amazing story when you look at it closely. Charlie Price and Lola have made a ton of money, because they interpreted their story and framed themselves as iconic figures. Avatars from a mystical place, the Price Shoe Factory became a Factory of Fantasy. 

Please google Phantasmal Media and D.Fox Harrell. 

In Phantasmal Media, D. Fox Harrell considers the expressive power of computational media. He argues, forcefully and persuasively, that the great expressive potential of computational media comes from the ability to construct and reveal phantasms—blends of cultural ideas and sensory imagination.

 

It is what we are suggesting in the fishbowl: to do business in a digital society is to be in the production of icons. Producing and exchanging symbols. They are self-generated words. All words, interrelated in specific ways.

Please see Christina Germino’s posting below.

Sanjiv

ICON, MYSTICAL, AVATAR, FANTASY

from the fishbowl...

christinagermino

Joined: Tue Sep 14, 2021 2:17 pm

Tue Nov 30, 2021 4:25 pm

vocab: 

1. incarnate (adj): (especially of a deity or spirit) embodied in flesh; in human form.

2. spirit (noun): the nonphysical part of a person which is the seat of emotions and character; the soul.

3. embody (verb): be an expression of or give a tangible or visible form to (an idea, quality, or feeling).

4. symbol (noun): a thing that represents or stands for something else, especially a material object representing something abstract.

"symbols are a constant requirement of human nature which is made up of both soul and body" This stuck out to me because this is very true, and also we as humans love and gravitate towards symbols as they provide a sense of strong meaning and convey something that we can understand and relate to. Symbols are used in everyday life and in every industry. They make up our society and the way people feel about them is heavily dependent on their perspective and their individual experiences.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/30/2021 12:48:05
Subject: orchestrating a finale
------------------------------------------------------------
Good morning Everyone, 

How are you today? 

I hope you are staying safe and, most importantly, have established a routine and rituals regarding your work and labor. 

That is a key to always carry in your pocket. 

I will be in Ballantine for most of the day. 11am to 3pm.

Room 105 Ballantine at 11am. 

After that, I will be either in the lobby or my office room 314 Ballantine.

The next opportunity to meet in person is Tuesday Dec.7 It will be the last f2f.

YOUR FINALS ARE ON... 

AND WILL END DECEMBER 10TH. (12/10)

THAT IS, THE LAST DAY OF POSTING/EDITING IN YOUR FISHBOWL IS END OF FRIDAY, DECEMBER 10TH.

I am in the creative process of formulating coherence, clarity and closure for the fishbowl.

The ending, the finale: How is it to be is the question? Is it a wave, flying or sailing away, perhaps a divorce, a receding memory?

You are witnessing and experiencing it.

You have been generous in your contributions. 

The best.

 Please see Grace Arruda’s posting below. We are teachers in the fishbowl.

"To teach is to learn, love is given, never taken.” (Thomas Hardy, The Return of the Native).

Always go to Active Topics on top right hand corner of the fishbowl, to see what’s going on.

Our Abstract is under Review and doesn’t allow changes. I am unable to add/delete at this point.

I wanted to change the words ‘learning structures’ to ‘word structures’ in the Abstract, because the term 'learning structure' would send the reviewers down a rabbit hole.

I’m sure you can imagine that. I will keep you informed.

Sanjiv

RABBIT HOLE, KEY, ROUTINE, FORMULATE, CLARITY, CLIMAX, FINALE

from the fishbowl...

gracearruda

Posts: 155

Joined: Mon Sep 13, 2021 9:06 pm

Mon Nov 29, 2021 8:19 pm

11/29 Expansion, Exploration, Resolve 

“It is more a question of understanding your process and giving evidence. Show and Tell. The process is the product. Please keep that in mind.”

The purpose of our posts in the fishbowl are to show that we have deepened our understanding of the topics in the letters. We show that we understand the topics and how this course works by posting our definitions of the vocabulary, showing our results of the Google searches, and displaying our deconstructions. This shows everyone that we were able to follow the rules and complete what was asked by us while expanding our learning and our ways. We are completing a ‘show and tell’ or some sort by showing our classmates the process that we completed with each letter and telling them our thoughts and connections to the topics.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/30/2021 12:47:31
Subject: orchestrating a finale
------------------------------------------------------------
Good morning Everyone, 

How are you today? 

I hope you are staying safe and, most importantly, have established a routine and rituals regarding your work and labor. 

That is a key to always carry in your pocket. 

I will be in Ballantine for most of the day. 11am to 3pm.

Room 105 Ballantine at 11am. 

After that, I will be either in the lobby or my office room 314 Ballantine.

The next opportunity to meet in person is Tuesday Dec.7 It will be the last f2f.

YOUR FINALS ARE ON... 

AND WILL END DECEMBER 10TH. (12/10)

THAT IS, THE LAST DAY OF POSTING/EDITING IN YOUR FISHBOWL IS END OF FRIDAY, DECEMBER 10TH.

I am in the creative process of formulating coherence, clarity and closure for the fishbowl.

The ending, the finale: How is it to be is the question? Is it a wave, flying or sailing away, perhaps a divorce, a receding memory?

You are witnessing and experiencing it.

You have been generous in your contributions. 

The best.

 Please see Grace Arruda’s posting below. We are teachers in the fishbowl.

"To teach is to learn, love is given, never taken.” (Thomas Hardy, The Return of the Native).

Always go to Active Topics on top right hand corner of the fishbowl, to see what’s going on.

Our Abstract is under Review and doesn’t allow changes. I am unable to add/delete at this point.

I wanted to change the words ‘learning structures’ to ‘word structures’ in the Abstract, because the term 'learning structure' would send the reviewers down a rabbit hole.

I’m sure you can imagine that. I will keep you informed.

Sanjiv

RABBIT HOLE, KEY, ROUTINE, FORMULATE, CLARITY, CLIMAX, FINALE

from the fishbowl...

gracearruda

Posts: 155

Joined: Mon Sep 13, 2021 9:06 pm

Mon Nov 29, 2021 8:19 pm

11/29 Expansion, Exploration, Resolve 

“It is more a question of understanding your process and giving evidence. Show and Tell. The process is the product. Please keep that in mind.”

The purpose of our posts in the fishbowl are to show that we have deepened our understanding of the topics in the letters. We show that we understand the topics and how this course works by posting our definitions of the vocabulary, showing our results of the Google searches, and displaying our deconstructions. This shows everyone that we were able to follow the rules and complete what was asked by us while expanding our learning and our ways. We are completing a ‘show and tell’ or some sort by showing our classmates the process that we completed with each letter and telling them our thoughts and connections to the topics.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/21/2021 13:34:25
Subject: Grades, Assignment and Method
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope to allay any anxiety you might be feeling on account of the course and lay out how I see things, particularly in our circumstances from covid to climate change. 

I. Grades

1. The course has been designed in a way that so long you are receiving the letters, you can complete the course anytime in the future by following the reading strategy laid out in the letters. You have paid for the letters and they come with the grade B. You are a legitimate member and have access to inter-subjective things you can see. 

In a visual culture, voyeurs pay to see and to learn by looking. Same as not opening your window during a zoom faculty meeting.

2. If you do your vocabulary in its entirety, and some deconstruction and google searches, it is a B+. 

3. The As are divided into A- and A, and evaluated on quantity and quality of postings; value added.

4. Only the straight A will be entitled to a letter of recommendation describing their skills evidenced in the course. I will send a draft before long.

II. Assignment: General Framework

To complete the course, you are deconstructing and reflecting on the following 12 words in MGT345 and 16 words in MGT448.

Your work is carried out online in your fishbowls, and can be completed any time before the date of the final exam. 

After that, lights out for evaluation.

MGT345: Characteristics of global business: 12 words

1. Integrated, networking structure (3 words)

2. Dynamic decision-making

3. Adaptive coordination mechanisms

4. Unique innovation capabilities

MGT448: Hofstede’s Dimensions: 16 words

1. Collectivism / Individualism

2. Large Power Distance / Small Power Distance

3. Femininity / Masculinity

4. Strong Uncertainty Avoidance / Weak Uncertainty Avoidance

Reading text and reflecting in writing and watching the following films: 

Strictly Ballroom and Kinky Boots in 345.

Japanese Story and Moonrise Kingdom and Outsourced in 448.

There will be a couple of films and further instructions to follow.

You are observing incidents in the films, and then selecting an incident to explain the above terms (12 and 16 words).

You are putting yourselves in the shoes of the characters you are watching. Why are they behaving the way they are behaving? 

Where’s the beef? Where do the 12 and 16 words fit in the films?

To empower your text, you give personal felt-experiences as examples to explain the 12 words (MGt345) and 16 words (MGT448)..

III. Theory and Research method

1. We are expressing points-of-view and showing their development by sharing our constructed and reconstructed sentences; sharing our compositions.

2. Resources are words from dictionary, thesaurus, internet and postings in the fishbowl.We are limited only by our vocabulary and imagination.

3. Our method is to “deconstruct" a word by substituting other words, to get to its true significance and meaning.

4. We are restructuring structures of words. In simple terms, changing the structure of sentences; the arrangement of words, its form and its composition. 

5. Why are we doing this? Because in the virtual and visual world, without construction, and without a constructing and constructed self, there is no meaning. 

6. Meaning is constructed in acts of interpretation. It becomes our point-of-view. Please verify this in your postings.

We are social constructivists. It is how society, culture and interaction takes place in a visual world.

To accomplish the above, we follow a reflexive methodology.

"Whenever we reflect, we think about our thoughts, our observations and our use of language. Consequently, reflection is difficult." (Alvesson and Skoldberg, p. 245).

1. Premise of my thoughts. Where did my thoughts come from? From something in my memory.

2. What am I observing? What is the thing I am looking at? What does the image represent?

3. Use of language. What words am I selecting over others to express myself.

More letters on method and steps for doing the above final assignment will continue for deeper understanding. Please see Jean Cazeau’s posting below.

I want to close by saying you are doing well in the course, and we are an inspiration to each other. 

We raised ourselves above the rabble and rubble and focused together for a while.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

jeancazeau

Posts: 95

Joined: Mon Sep 13, 2021 6:26 pm

post by jeancazeau » Sun Nov 21, 2021 12:33 am

Actor

An actor is someone who participates in an action or process. Actors express ideas and portray characters in film or other media. They interpret script to inform or entertain the audience. The fishbowl represents the set, and we have been given a blue print or a script. Our performance earns us the title and rights of an actor. The real question is what are we performing? Who are we portraying?

Could it be that we are portraying ourselves and the wholeness of who we are? I would argue that we are indeed learning to become who we already are. We are embodying a future version of ourselves filled with knowledge that we either have yet to learn or in the process of learning.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/21/2021 13:33:38
Subject: Grades, Assignment and Method
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope to allay any anxiety you might be feeling on account of the course and lay out how I see things, particularly in our circumstances from covid to climate change. 

I. Grades

1. The course has been designed in a way that so long you are receiving the letters, you can complete the course anytime in the future by following the reading strategy laid out in the letters. You have paid for the letters and they come with the grade B. You are a legitimate member and have access to inter-subjective things you can see. 

In a visual culture, voyeurs pay to see and to learn by looking. Same as not opening your window during a zoom faculty meeting.

2. If you do your vocabulary in its entirety, and some deconstruction and google searches, it is a B+. 

3. The As are divided into A- and A, and evaluated on quantity and quality of postings; value added.

4. Only the straight A will be entitled to a letter of recommendation describing their skills evidenced in the course. I will send a draft before long.

II. Assignment: General Framework

To complete the course, you are deconstructing and reflecting on the following 12 words in MGT345 and 16 words in MGT448.

Your work is carried out online in your fishbowls, and can be completed any time before the date of the final exam. 

After that, lights out for evaluation.

MGT345: Characteristics of global business: 12 words

1. Integrated, networking structure (3 words)

2. Dynamic decision-making

3. Adaptive coordination mechanisms

4. Unique innovation capabilities

MGT448: Hofstede’s Dimensions: 16 words

1. Collectivism / Individualism

2. Large Power Distance / Small Power Distance

3. Femininity / Masculinity

4. Strong Uncertainty Avoidance / Weak Uncertainty Avoidance

Reading text and reflecting in writing and watching the following films: 

Strictly Ballroom and Kinky Boots in 345.

Japanese Story and Moonrise Kingdom and Outsourced in 448.

There will be a couple of films and further instructions to follow.

You are observing incidents in the films, and then selecting an incident to explain the above terms (12 and 16 words).

You are putting yourselves in the shoes of the characters you are watching. Why are they behaving the way they are behaving? 

Where’s the beef? Where do the 12 and 16 words fit in the films?

To empower your text, you give personal felt-experiences as examples to explain the 12 words (MGt345) and 16 words (MGT448)..

III. Theory and Research method

1. We are expressing points-of-view and showing their development by sharing our constructed and reconstructed sentences; sharing our compositions.

2. Resources are words from dictionary, thesaurus, internet and postings in the fishbowl.We are limited only by our vocabulary and imagination.

3. Our method is to “deconstruct" a word by substituting other words, to get to its true significance and meaning.

4. We are restructuring structures of words. In simple terms, changing the structure of sentences; the arrangement of words, its form and its composition. 

5. Why are we doing this? Because in the virtual and visual world, without construction, and without a constructing and constructed self, there is no meaning. 

6. Meaning is constructed in acts of interpretation. It becomes our point-of-view. Please verify this in your postings.

We are social constructivists. It is how society, culture and interaction takes place in a visual world.

To accomplish the above, we follow a reflexive methodology.

"Whenever we reflect, we think about our thoughts, our observations and our use of language. Consequently, reflection is difficult." (Alvesson and Skoldberg, p. 245).

1. Premise of my thoughts. Where did my thoughts come from? From something in my memory.

2. What am I observing? What is the thing I am looking at? What does the image represent?

3. Use of language. What words am I selecting over others to express myself.

More letters on method and steps for doing the above final assignment will continue for deeper understanding. Please see Jean Cazeau’s posting below.

I want to close by saying you are doing well in the course, and we are an inspiration to each other. 

We raised ourselves above the rabble and rubble and focused together for a while.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

jeancazeau

Posts: 95

Joined: Mon Sep 13, 2021 6:26 pm

post by jeancazeau » Sun Nov 21, 2021 12:33 am

Actor

An actor is someone who participates in an action or process. Actors express ideas and portray characters in film or other media. They interpret script to inform or entertain the audience. The fishbowl represents the set, and we have been given a blue print or a script. Our performance earns us the title and rights of an actor. The real question is what are we performing? Who are we portraying?

Could it be that we are portraying ourselves and the wholeness of who we are? I would argue that we are indeed learning to become who we already are. We are embodying a future version of ourselves filled with knowledge that we either have yet to learn or in the process of learning.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/19/2021 23:18:23
Subject: abstract deadline extended
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I hope you are staying well. I’ve read your fishbowls and submitted the abstract. The deadline for submission has been extended to Dec.2. Please visit web site at INTED22. 

Those who wish to step onto the digital stage and be Actor and not Audience or Voyeur, you have time yet to write your script. That is, step-up your postings of: Vocabulary, Google Searches and Deconstructing letters.

Learning takes place in our heads. Our process and practice is evidence of what is going on in our heads; mental frameworks.

As an example, our process and practice in the fishbowl brought about the mental framework, depicted by the word-images: Actor/Audience/Voyeur.

The metaphor is theatre or play.

We created it. Yes you, and I.

It’s in our heads.

And we included everyone. I’m generally in the audience, but we’re all voyeurs as well. Be a professional foreigner. It’s my nature. Apperception is the skill to get into and Empathy as well. These are learnable and essential in the digital world.

You have got the process and practice down, from what I can tell.

No more theory,...well, I don’t know if that is possible for any deeper understanding.

You will get specific assignments and steps, which hopefully will bring the course together for you. But you must follow instructions and work on the balance between films, textbook and letters. They must feed off each other, if you look deeper. When watching film, focus on expression of the face. It depicts attitude. 

Ultimately, its your observations (sentences spoken) and your interpretations (selected words) that must be shared. 

You’re developing the skill of having a logical point of view. 

You separate what you observe in a scene from the film, 

and then you interpret it. 

You do this by selecting sentences spoken in the film, they are examples of mental framework, 

and after that, you project your interpretation.

Easy enough, but if we can write it out and share it, we might save the planet and the fishbowl.

Sanjiv

From the fishbowl...

CONSTRUCTING SOCIAL SPACES OF LEARNING THROUGH REFLEXIVE READING IN A VISUAL REALITY

S. Dugal1, E. Torgersen1, J. Stack1, S. Santa Barbara1, T. Murphy1, A. Catanzaro1, D. Volpe1, H. Schmidt1, S. Olivo1, M. Greene1, D. Garcia1, N. Stpierre1, J. Machado1, C. Staples1, A. Carollo1, J. Cazeau1, E. Chratian1, S. Scymcyk1, S. Watelet1, B. Murphy1, H. Logue1, A. Lavecchia1, T. Norbury1, C. Auclair1, C. Benbenek1, A. Brink1, J. Hallas1, H. Pangburn1, T. Sanfilippo1, Z. Spinella1, M. Bergantine1, S. James1, M. Baran1, M. Capuano1, E. Dapprich1, R. Murawski1, K. Susi1, E. Youngs1, C. Longworth1, C. Morelli1, R. Winn1, A. Ortega1, L. Alvernaz1, R. Singh2, M. Troiano3, S. Singh4

1 University of Rhode Island (UNITED STATES)

2 RLStudio (INDIA)

3 ClearHead (UNITED STATES)

4 Savvy (UNITED STATES)

sanjivdugal@uri.edu, erin_torgersen@uri.edu, jillian_stack@uri.edu, ssantabarbara@uri.edu, timmurphy561@uri.edu, andrewcatanzaro@uri.edu, dominic_volpe@uri.edu, hschmidt@uri.edu, scott_olivo@uri.edu, mgreene3146@uri.edu, daniel_garcia2@uri.edu, nathan_stpierre@uri.edu, machadojake2000@uri.edu, colin_staples@uri.edu, antonio_carollo@uri.edu, jean_cazeau@uri.edu, erin_chratian@uri.edu, sscymcyk@uri.edu, swatelet@uri.edu, bridgetmurphy13@uri.edu, haley_logue@uri.edu, alavecchia@uri.edu, taro_norbury@uri.edu, ciara_auclair@uri.edu, connorbenbenek@uri.edu, alexa_brink@uri.edu, justinhallas15@uri.edu, hpangburn@uri.edu, taliasanfilippo@uri.edu, zspinella@uri.edu, mcbergantine@my.ccri.edu, sara_james@uri.edu, michael_baran@uri.edu, michael_capuano@uri.edu, evelindapprich@uri.edu, rafal_murawski@uri.edu, katysusi11@uri.edu, emily_youngs@uri.edu, coreylongworth@uri.edu, cmorelli1@uri.edu, ryan_winn@uri.edu, arturo_ortega@uri.edu, l_alvernaz8@uri.edu, rahoulsingh@gmail.com, michael.troiano1@verizon.net, shivsingh@gmail.com

Introduction:

New communication technologies are fostering social spaces in visual realities that are essentially participative and collaborative in nature. According to Peter Sloterdijk, this ever-changing socio-technological environment reveals the necessity of a new conception of the human as inherently relational and spatially determined: a being in spheres. We are 150 humans in a digital Fishbowl where we can ‘see’ each other in a textual reality. 

Our paper presents a “reading strategy” and a "practice" that sets in motion experientially-felt human responses, thereby creating conditions for the objective study of topics usually regarded as subjective. In the Fishbowl, participants systematically contemplate ‘learning structures’ and the phenomena that appear in acts of conscious thought. According to Wolfgang Iser, ‘effective learning’ is an ongoing interaction between Author, Text and Reader, for it brings into play the imaginative and perceptive faculties of the reader. Reading sets in motion activities that depend both on the text and the exercise of basic human faculties. Wolfgang Iser posits that ‘effective learning’ and ‘aesthetic responses’ have characteristics that are neither of the text nor the reader, but instead, the text represents a ‘potential effect’ that is ‘realized’ in the ‘reading process.’ Only when we give a text the power to have meaning by realizing it, does it become effective.

Purpose:

To show a process of “reflexive” reading that facilitates experientially-felt responses and creates intersubjective ‘spaces’ of learning in a visual reality.

Method:

1. Conscious experience and self-reflexivity, rather than Cartesian method of analysis. Through reflection, participants discover the Self and others; how they differ and coalesce. 

2. Redirect reading from prescribed text to seeking essential learning from each other’s text. 

3. Using anecdotal felt-experiences, participants temporally and spatially zigzag with the text, filling-in new and unknown details.

4. Focus on learning structures created in the moment. The new does not exist before the initial act of reading and every subsequent reading produces newer realizations. 

5. Meaning is assembled dialectically by reading multiple texts in the Fishbowl and arriving at an individual point-of-view.

Outcome:

1. The social space of learning in a visual reality was constituted by multi-layered text with flexible structures and interpretations.

2. Reading was not static but dynamic and evolving; an ongoing process of interaction between author, text and reader. 

3. There is a verifiable rationale for each participant’s learning, grounded not in right or wrong but ideas, themes and images, held true at a moment in time. 

References:

[1] Patrick Roney & Andrea Rossi (2021) SLOTERDIJK’S ANTHROPOTECHNICS, Angelaki

[3] Henri Lefebvre, The Production of Space, 1974. Oxford: Basil Blackwell 

[4] Wolfgang Iser, The Act of Reading, A theory of Aesthetic Response, John Hopkins, 1980

[5] Alvesson and Skoldberg, Reflexive Methodology, Sage, 2001

Keywords: Reading Strategy, Reflexive Methodology, Social Space, Visual Reality, Effective Learning

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/19/2021 23:17:37
Subject: abstract deadline extended
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I hope you are staying well. I’ve read your fishbowls and submitted the abstract. The deadline for submission has been extended to Dec.2. Please visit web site at INTED22. 

Those who wish to step onto the digital stage and be Actor and not Audience or Voyeur, you have time yet to write your script. That is, step-up your postings of: Vocabulary, Google Searches and Deconstructing letters.

Learning takes place in our heads. Our process and practice is evidence of what is going on in our heads; mental frameworks.

As an example, our process and practice in the fishbowl brought about the mental framework, depicted by the word-images: Actor/Audience/Voyeur.

The metaphor is theatre or play.

We created it. Yes you, and I.

It’s in our heads.

And we included everyone. I’m generally in the audience, but we’re all voyeurs as well. Be a professional foreigner. It’s my nature. Apperception is the skill to get into and Empathy as well. These are learnable and essential in the digital world.

You have got the process and practice down, from what I can tell.

No more theory,...well, I don’t know if that is possible for any deeper understanding.

You will get specific assignments and steps, which hopefully will bring the course together for you. But you must follow instructions and work on the balance between films, textbook and letters. They must feed off each other, if you look deeper. When watching film, focus on expression of the face. It depicts attitude. 

Ultimately, its your observations (sentences spoken) and your interpretations (selected words) that must be shared. 

You’re developing the skill of having a logical point of view. 

You separate what you observe in a scene from the film, 

and then you interpret it. 

You do this by selecting sentences spoken in the film, they are examples of mental framework, 

and after that, you project your interpretation.

Easy enough, but if we can write it out and share it, we might save the planet and the fishbowl.

Sanjiv

From the fishbowl...

CONSTRUCTING SOCIAL SPACES OF LEARNING THROUGH REFLEXIVE READING IN A VISUAL REALITY

S. Dugal1, E. Torgersen1, J. Stack1, S. Santa Barbara1, T. Murphy1, A. Catanzaro1, D. Volpe1, H. Schmidt1, S. Olivo1, M. Greene1, D. Garcia1, N. Stpierre1, J. Machado1, C. Staples1, A. Carollo1, J. Cazeau1, E. Chratian1, S. Scymcyk1, S. Watelet1, B. Murphy1, H. Logue1, A. Lavecchia1, T. Norbury1, C. Auclair1, C. Benbenek1, A. Brink1, J. Hallas1, H. Pangburn1, T. Sanfilippo1, Z. Spinella1, M. Bergantine1, S. James1, M. Baran1, M. Capuano1, E. Dapprich1, R. Murawski1, K. Susi1, E. Youngs1, C. Longworth1, C. Morelli1, R. Winn1, A. Ortega1, L. Alvernaz1, R. Singh2, M. Troiano3, S. Singh4

1 University of Rhode Island (UNITED STATES)

2 RLStudio (INDIA)

3 ClearHead (UNITED STATES)

4 Savvy (UNITED STATES)

sanjivdugal@uri.edu, erin_torgersen@uri.edu, jillian_stack@uri.edu, ssantabarbara@uri.edu, timmurphy561@uri.edu, andrewcatanzaro@uri.edu, dominic_volpe@uri.edu, hschmidt@uri.edu, scott_olivo@uri.edu, mgreene3146@uri.edu, daniel_garcia2@uri.edu, nathan_stpierre@uri.edu, machadojake2000@uri.edu, colin_staples@uri.edu, antonio_carollo@uri.edu, jean_cazeau@uri.edu, erin_chratian@uri.edu, sscymcyk@uri.edu, swatelet@uri.edu, bridgetmurphy13@uri.edu, haley_logue@uri.edu, alavecchia@uri.edu, taro_norbury@uri.edu, ciara_auclair@uri.edu, connorbenbenek@uri.edu, alexa_brink@uri.edu, justinhallas15@uri.edu, hpangburn@uri.edu, taliasanfilippo@uri.edu, zspinella@uri.edu, mcbergantine@my.ccri.edu, sara_james@uri.edu, michael_baran@uri.edu, michael_capuano@uri.edu, evelindapprich@uri.edu, rafal_murawski@uri.edu, katysusi11@uri.edu, emily_youngs@uri.edu, coreylongworth@uri.edu, cmorelli1@uri.edu, ryan_winn@uri.edu, arturo_ortega@uri.edu, l_alvernaz8@uri.edu, rahoulsingh@gmail.com, michael.troiano1@verizon.net, shivsingh@gmail.com

Introduction:

New communication technologies are fostering social spaces in visual realities that are essentially participative and collaborative in nature. According to Peter Sloterdijk, this ever-changing socio-technological environment reveals the necessity of a new conception of the human as inherently relational and spatially determined: a being in spheres. We are 150 humans in a digital Fishbowl where we can ‘see’ each other in a textual reality. 

Our paper presents a “reading strategy” and a "practice" that sets in motion experientially-felt human responses, thereby creating conditions for the objective study of topics usually regarded as subjective. In the Fishbowl, participants systematically contemplate ‘learning structures’ and the phenomena that appear in acts of conscious thought. According to Wolfgang Iser, ‘effective learning’ is an ongoing interaction between Author, Text and Reader, for it brings into play the imaginative and perceptive faculties of the reader. Reading sets in motion activities that depend both on the text and the exercise of basic human faculties. Wolfgang Iser posits that ‘effective learning’ and ‘aesthetic responses’ have characteristics that are neither of the text nor the reader, but instead, the text represents a ‘potential effect’ that is ‘realized’ in the ‘reading process.’ Only when we give a text the power to have meaning by realizing it, does it become effective.

Purpose:

To show a process of “reflexive” reading that facilitates experientially-felt responses and creates intersubjective ‘spaces’ of learning in a visual reality.

Method:

1. Conscious experience and self-reflexivity, rather than Cartesian method of analysis. Through reflection, participants discover the Self and others; how they differ and coalesce. 

2. Redirect reading from prescribed text to seeking essential learning from each other’s text. 

3. Using anecdotal felt-experiences, participants temporally and spatially zigzag with the text, filling-in new and unknown details.

4. Focus on learning structures created in the moment. The new does not exist before the initial act of reading and every subsequent reading produces newer realizations. 

5. Meaning is assembled dialectically by reading multiple texts in the Fishbowl and arriving at an individual point-of-view.

Outcome:

1. The social space of learning in a visual reality was constituted by multi-layered text with flexible structures and interpretations.

2. Reading was not static but dynamic and evolving; an ongoing process of interaction between author, text and reader. 

3. There is a verifiable rationale for each participant’s learning, grounded not in right or wrong but ideas, themes and images, held true at a moment in time. 

References:

[1] Patrick Roney & Andrea Rossi (2021) SLOTERDIJK’S ANTHROPOTECHNICS, Angelaki

[3] Henri Lefebvre, The Production of Space, 1974. Oxford: Basil Blackwell 

[4] Wolfgang Iser, The Act of Reading, A theory of Aesthetic Response, John Hopkins, 1980

[5] Alvesson and Skoldberg, Reflexive Methodology, Sage, 2001

Keywords: Reading Strategy, Reflexive Methodology, Social Space, Visual Reality, Effective Learning

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/18/2021 13:02:24
Subject: final version of abstract
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. I am attaching the final version of the Abstract. The earlier version had to be reduced to 3500 words.

I will spend the rest of the day, until midnight, going through each and every fishbowl and, I will make the following structure for purposes of the Conference:

Actors (those who posted valuable content that made a difference)

Audience (those who were interactive viewers)

Voyeurs (those who worked behind the scenes)

The Actors, thus far in the course, will get joint-authorship for the abstract, and they will be informed accordingly 

The Audience will get a certificate of participation.

The above categories have no bearing on your final grade for the course. 

The evaluation of your work will be done on the basis of your entire work during the semester, and posted by the last day of class.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

Constructing Social Spaces of Learning Through Reflexive Reading in a Visual Reality

Introduction:

New communication technologies are fostering social spaces in visual realities that are essentially participative and collaborative in nature. According to Peter Sloterdijk, this ever-changing socio-technological environment reveals the necessity of a new conception of the human as inherently relational and spatially determined: a being in spheres. We are 150 humans in a digital Fishbowl where we can ‘see’ each other in a textual reality. 

Our paper presents a “reading strategy” and a "practice" that sets in motion experientially-felt human responses, thereby creating conditions for the objective study of topics usually regarded as subjective. In the Fishbowl, participants systematically contemplate ‘learning structures’ and the phenomena that appear in acts of conscious thought. According to Wolfgang Iser, ‘effective learning’ is an ongoing interaction between Author, Text and Reader, for it brings into play the imaginative and perceptive faculties of the reader. Reading sets in motion activities that depend both on the text and the exercise of basic human faculties. Wolfgang Iser posits that ‘effective learning’ and ‘aesthetic responses’ have characteristics that are neither of the text nor the reader, but instead, the text represents a ‘potential effect’ that is ‘realized’ in the ‘reading process.’ Only when we give a text the power to have meaning by realizing it, does it become effective.

Purpose:

To show a process of “reflexive” reading that facilitates experientially-felt responses and creates intersubjective ‘spaces’ of learning in a visual reality.

Method:

1. Conscious experience and self-reflexivity, rather than Cartesian method of analysis. Through reflection, participants discover the Self and others; how they differ and coalesce. 

2. Redirect reading from prescribed text to seeking essential learning from each other’s text. 

3. Using anecdotal felt-experiences, participants temporally and spatially zigzag with the text, filling-in new and unknown details.

4. Focus on learning structures created in the moment. The new does not exist before the initial act of reading and every subsequent reading produces newer realizations. 

5. Meaning is assembled dialectically by reading multiple texts and arriving at a point-of-view.

 

Outcome:

1. The social space of learning in a visual reality was constituted by multi-layered text with flexible structures and interpretations.

2. Reading was not static but dynamic and evolving; an ongoing process of interaction between author, text and reader. 

3. There is a verifiable rationale for each participant’s learning, grounded not in right or wrong but ideas, themes and images, held true at a moment in time. 

References:

1) Patrick Roney & Andrea Rossi (2021) SLOTERDIJK’S ANTHROPOTECHNICS, Angelaki

2) Henri Lefebvre, The Production of Space, 1974. Oxford: Basil Blackwell 

3) Wolfgang Iser, The Act of Reading, A theory of Aesthetic Response, John Hopkins, 1980

4) Alvesson and Skoldberg, Reflexive Methodology, Sage, 2001

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/18/2021 13:01:52
Subject: final version of abstract
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. I am attaching the final version of the Abstract. The earlier version had to be reduced to 3500 words.

I will spend the rest of the day, until midnight, going through each and every fishbowl and, I will make the following structure for purposes of the Conference:

Actors (those who posted valuable content that made a difference)

Audience (those who were interactive viewers)

Voyeurs (those who worked behind the scenes)

The Actors, thus far in the course, will get joint-authorship for the abstract, and they will be informed accordingly 

The Audience will get a certificate of participation.

The above categories have no bearing on your final grade for the course. 

The evaluation of your work will be done on the basis of your entire work during the semester, and posted by the last day of class.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

Constructing Social Spaces of Learning Through Reflexive Reading in a Visual Reality

Introduction:

New communication technologies are fostering social spaces in visual realities that are essentially participative and collaborative in nature. According to Peter Sloterdijk, this ever-changing socio-technological environment reveals the necessity of a new conception of the human as inherently relational and spatially determined: a being in spheres. We are 150 humans in a digital Fishbowl where we can ‘see’ each other in a textual reality. 

Our paper presents a “reading strategy” and a "practice" that sets in motion experientially-felt human responses, thereby creating conditions for the objective study of topics usually regarded as subjective. In the Fishbowl, participants systematically contemplate ‘learning structures’ and the phenomena that appear in acts of conscious thought. According to Wolfgang Iser, ‘effective learning’ is an ongoing interaction between Author, Text and Reader, for it brings into play the imaginative and perceptive faculties of the reader. Reading sets in motion activities that depend both on the text and the exercise of basic human faculties. Wolfgang Iser posits that ‘effective learning’ and ‘aesthetic responses’ have characteristics that are neither of the text nor the reader, but instead, the text represents a ‘potential effect’ that is ‘realized’ in the ‘reading process.’ Only when we give a text the power to have meaning by realizing it, does it become effective.

Purpose:

To show a process of “reflexive” reading that facilitates experientially-felt responses and creates intersubjective ‘spaces’ of learning in a visual reality.

Method:

1. Conscious experience and self-reflexivity, rather than Cartesian method of analysis. Through reflection, participants discover the Self and others; how they differ and coalesce. 

2. Redirect reading from prescribed text to seeking essential learning from each other’s text. 

3. Using anecdotal felt-experiences, participants temporally and spatially zigzag with the text, filling-in new and unknown details.

4. Focus on learning structures created in the moment. The new does not exist before the initial act of reading and every subsequent reading produces newer realizations. 

5. Meaning is assembled dialectically by reading multiple texts and arriving at a point-of-view.

 

Outcome:

1. The social space of learning in a visual reality was constituted by multi-layered text with flexible structures and interpretations.

2. Reading was not static but dynamic and evolving; an ongoing process of interaction between author, text and reader. 

3. There is a verifiable rationale for each participant’s learning, grounded not in right or wrong but ideas, themes and images, held true at a moment in time. 

References:

1) Patrick Roney & Andrea Rossi (2021) SLOTERDIJK’S ANTHROPOTECHNICS, Angelaki

2) Henri Lefebvre, The Production of Space, 1974. Oxford: Basil Blackwell 

3) Wolfgang Iser, The Act of Reading, A theory of Aesthetic Response, John Hopkins, 1980

4) Alvesson and Skoldberg, Reflexive Methodology, Sage, 2001

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/16/2021 21:18:20
Subject: emerging structure for the abstract
------------------------------------------------------------
EMERGING STRUCTURE FOR THE CONFERENCE ABSTRACT

Title: Social Spaces of Learning in a Visual Reality

Introduction:

We are 150 participants in a digital fishbowl where we can see each other seeing each other.

New communication technologies are fostering social spaces in visual realities that are essentially participative and collaborative in nature. According to Peter Sloterdijk, this ever-changing socio-technological environment reveals the necessity of a new conception of the human as inherently relational and spatially determined: a being in spheres. Our paper presents a “reading strategy” that sets in motion experientially-felt human responses.

We suggest a “practice” that creates conditions for the objective study of topics usually regarded as subjective, I.e., consciousness and the content of conscious experiences, such as choices exercised and emotions felt. We are primarily concerned with the systematic reflection on, and the study of, our cognitive structures and, the phenomena that appear in acts of conscious thought. There is an evolution to ‘effective’ learning in our fishbowls that involves an ongoing process of interaction between author, text and reader. The authors embody all three in the fishbowl: Author, Text, and Reader. Our learning became a function of the interplay between these three embodiments.

Purpose:

Our intent is to show how a reading process facilitates experientially-felt responses that lead to intersubjective ‘spaces’ of learning.

Method: Reading Strategy

1. Reading is the focal point that set in motion a chain of activities that depend both on the text and on the exercise of certain basic human faculties. Wolfgang Iser posits that ‘effect’ and ‘response’ are properties neither of the text nor of the reader. Instead, the text represents a ‘potential effect’ that is ‘realized’ in the ‘reading process.’ Only when you give a text the power to have meaning by realizing it, does it become effective.

2. As authors in the fishbowl, we purposefully create a series of gaps and blanks in our text in order to induce participants, first, to recognize that such a gap exists and second, to use felt-experiences to temporally and spatially zigzag back and forth with the text and fill these spaces with new and unknown details; anecdotal incidents. 

3. For every such ‘reading,’ the participant is not seeking a hidden meaning or even a correct one. Rather, the focus is on the learning created in the moment. The participant’s new learning does not exist before the initial act of reading; and, every subsequent reading will likely produce newer learning still. It follows, concepts like "right" and "wrong" are irrelevant. It is only by interacting with the text that we imbued it with relevance.

4. Using a reflexive methodology, participants seek essential properties and structures of their learning experiences.

5. Reflexivity is the process by which we reflect on our own and other people’s personal and social characteristics, how they differ and coalesce, and shape the social space.

Outcome: What we learnt

1. By combining unfamiliar text with an evolving perspective, participants opened gateways to create novel higher-order understanding and authorship. 

2. For every individual there is a verifiable rationale for their particular learning, one that is not grounded in argumentative concepts of right or wrong but in ideas, themes and images that hold true for the time in which they were considered and understood. 

3. We redirected reading from prescribed text, and instead, we were understanding our learning processes when reading each other’s text in a fishbowl.

4. As readers of each other’s text, we assembled meaning in a process of re-creative dialectics.

5.Individuals shaping their own norms, tastes, politics, desires, and so on, is defined as a high-level of social reflexivity.

6. The relationship between reader and text itself needs an impulsion to set it in motion if it is to come to real fruition.

References:

1) The Production of Space, Henri Lefebvre, Donald Nicholson-Smith trans., Oxford: Basil Blackwell. Originally published 1974. ISBN 0-631-14048-4

2) Alvesson and Kaj Skoldberg, Reflexive Methodology, New Vistas for Qualitative Research, Sage, 2001.

3) Wolfgang Iser, The Act of Reading, A theory of Aesthetic Response, John Hopkins, 1980

4) Patrick Roney & Andrea Rossi (2021) SLOTERDIJK’S ANTHROPOTECHNICS, Angelaki, 26:1, 3-8, DOI: 10.1080/0969725X.2021.1863585

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/16/2021 21:17:22
Subject: emerging structure for the abstract
------------------------------------------------------------
EMERGING STRUCTURE FOR THE CONFERENCE ABSTRACT

Title: Social Spaces of Learning in a Visual Reality

Introduction:

We are 150 participants in a digital fishbowl where we can see each other seeing each other.

New communication technologies are fostering social spaces in visual realities that are essentially participative and collaborative in nature. According to Peter Sloterdijk, this ever-changing socio-technological environment reveals the necessity of a new conception of the human as inherently relational and spatially determined: a being in spheres. Our paper presents a “reading strategy” that sets in motion experientially-felt human responses.

We suggest a “practice” that creates conditions for the objective study of topics usually regarded as subjective, I.e., consciousness and the content of conscious experiences, such as choices exercised and emotions felt. We are primarily concerned with the systematic reflection on, and the study of, our cognitive structures and, the phenomena that appear in acts of conscious thought. There is an evolution to ‘effective’ learning in our fishbowls that involves an ongoing process of interaction between author, text and reader. The authors embody all three in the fishbowl: Author, Text, and Reader. Our learning became a function of the interplay between these three embodiments.

Purpose:

Our intent is to show how a reading process facilitates experientially-felt responses that lead to intersubjective ‘spaces’ of learning.

Method: Reading Strategy

1. Reading is the focal point that set in motion a chain of activities that depend both on the text and on the exercise of certain basic human faculties. Wolfgang Iser posits that ‘effect’ and ‘response’ are properties neither of the text nor of the reader. Instead, the text represents a ‘potential effect’ that is ‘realized’ in the ‘reading process.’ Only when you give a text the power to have meaning by realizing it, does it become effective.

2. As authors in the fishbowl, we purposefully create a series of gaps and blanks in our text in order to induce participants, first, to recognize that such a gap exists and second, to use felt-experiences to temporally and spatially zigzag back and forth with the text and fill these spaces with new and unknown details; anecdotal incidents. 

3. For every such ‘reading,’ the participant is not seeking a hidden meaning or even a correct one. Rather, the focus is on the learning created in the moment. The participant’s new learning does not exist before the initial act of reading; and, every subsequent reading will likely produce newer learning still. It follows, concepts like "right" and "wrong" are irrelevant. It is only by interacting with the text that we imbued it with relevance.

4. Using a reflexive methodology, participants seek essential properties and structures of their learning experiences.

5. Reflexivity is the process by which we reflect on our own and other people’s personal and social characteristics, how they differ and coalesce, and shape the social space.

Outcome: What we learnt

1. By combining unfamiliar text with an evolving perspective, participants opened gateways to create novel higher-order understanding and authorship. 

2. For every individual there is a verifiable rationale for their particular learning, one that is not grounded in argumentative concepts of right or wrong but in ideas, themes and images that hold true for the time in which they were considered and understood. 

3. We redirected reading from prescribed text, and instead, we were understanding our learning processes when reading each other’s text in a fishbowl.

4. As readers of each other’s text, we assembled meaning in a process of re-creative dialectics.

5.Individuals shaping their own norms, tastes, politics, desires, and so on, is defined as a high-level of social reflexivity.

6. The relationship between reader and text itself needs an impulsion to set it in motion if it is to come to real fruition.

References:

1) The Production of Space, Henri Lefebvre, Donald Nicholson-Smith trans., Oxford: Basil Blackwell. Originally published 1974. ISBN 0-631-14048-4

2) Alvesson and Kaj Skoldberg, Reflexive Methodology, New Vistas for Qualitative Research, Sage, 2001.

3) Wolfgang Iser, The Act of Reading, A theory of Aesthetic Response, John Hopkins, 1980

4) Patrick Roney & Andrea Rossi (2021) SLOTERDIJK’S ANTHROPOTECHNICS, Angelaki, 26:1, 3-8, DOI: 10.1080/0969725X.2021.1863585

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/14/2021 12:57:46
Subject: museum of ideas
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well.

The fishbowl is a museum of rhode island business students’ stories, aspirations and learning. Their creations and compositions have regularly been presented to international audiences and published in refereed research journals from the last twenty-five years. 

Presently, we are working together to write a 3500 word abstract for INTED22 for acceptance by an international refereed committee of experts.

We are 150 participants in all: 

Actors (who are writing the script), 

Audience (who are watching the act), and 

Voyeurs (who cannot be seen).

In the fishbowl, we are on the brink of a new world. With the decline of old traditions, we now face more choices than ever before. 

{That is, the words (metaphors) we can choose and select from an ever expanding vocabulary.}

This is a time when you must be particularly attentive to the signs of the new {your selected words} and have the courage to venture forth with them and find out what you’re capable of, without being constrained by the old prejudices {histories} and hierarchical ideas {patriarchal perspectives} of the past. The aim of the fishbowl is to help you see that you don’t have to go down the paths (sequence of words) already mapped out for you, that you are not just condemned to obey social customs (of diversity and inclusivity) that you can create something new (word structures) and propose a different direction (images and metaphors) as regards your authentic life.

Please see Erin Chratian’s reflection below.

Sanjiv

MUSEUM, ACTOR, AUDIENCE, VOYEUR, BRINK, COURAGE, AUTHENTIC, LIFE, CONSTRAIN, PREJUDICE, HIERARCHY

from the fishbowl...

erinchratian

Posts: 82

Joined: Mon Sep 13, 2021 7:50 pm

Post by erinchratian » Fri Nov 12, 2021 2:58 pm

Breaking metaphors 

“It is linear thinking and confined to a strict vocabulary and meaning formation.”

Linear thinking can be detrimental to creativity and to communication. It takes away any special spark that comes from the guy outside the box. When linear thinking is forced, it prohibits those from excelling. I'm moving to the next level. When we are confined to limiting what we can say think and do, it becomes challenging to show how we really feel. some of us may feel confined to think many different things such as political views, religious views, and even views about family values. this is not letting us explore into the realm of what could be. I am so grateful to have parents who have never confined me within some dots or beliefs and because of this I feel as if I've made my own independent views and can express myself freely.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/14/2021 12:57:09
Subject: museum of ideas
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well.

The fishbowl is a museum of rhode island business students’ stories, aspirations and learning. Their creations and compositions have regularly been presented to international audiences and published in refereed research journals from the last twenty-five years. 

Presently, we are working together to write a 3500 word abstract for INTED22 for acceptance by an international refereed committee of experts.

We are 150 participants in all: 

Actors (who are writing the script), 

Audience (who are watching the act), and 

Voyeurs (who cannot be seen).

In the fishbowl, we are on the brink of a new world. With the decline of old traditions, we now face more choices than ever before. 

{That is, the words (metaphors) we can choose and select from an ever expanding vocabulary.}

This is a time when you must be particularly attentive to the signs of the new {your selected words} and have the courage to venture forth with them and find out what you’re capable of, without being constrained by the old prejudices {histories} and hierarchical ideas {patriarchal perspectives} of the past. The aim of the fishbowl is to help you see that you don’t have to go down the paths (sequence of words) already mapped out for you, that you are not just condemned to obey social customs (of diversity and inclusivity) that you can create something new (word structures) and propose a different direction (images and metaphors) as regards your authentic life.

Please see Erin Chratian’s reflection below.

Sanjiv

MUSEUM, ACTOR, AUDIENCE, VOYEUR, BRINK, COURAGE, AUTHENTIC, LIFE, CONSTRAIN, PREJUDICE, HIERARCHY

from the fishbowl...

erinchratian

Posts: 82

Joined: Mon Sep 13, 2021 7:50 pm

Post by erinchratian » Fri Nov 12, 2021 2:58 pm

Breaking metaphors 

“It is linear thinking and confined to a strict vocabulary and meaning formation.”

Linear thinking can be detrimental to creativity and to communication. It takes away any special spark that comes from the guy outside the box. When linear thinking is forced, it prohibits those from excelling. I'm moving to the next level. When we are confined to limiting what we can say think and do, it becomes challenging to show how we really feel. some of us may feel confined to think many different things such as political views, religious views, and even views about family values. this is not letting us explore into the realm of what could be. I am so grateful to have parents who have never confined me within some dots or beliefs and because of this I feel as if I've made my own independent views and can express myself freely.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/13/2021 14:25:30
Subject: assignments for MGT448: constructing coordinates
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Good morning and how are you today? I will lead you through the path you must follow as a learning MECHANISM to satisfactorily finish the course. 

We are not seeking answers because they are already known, we are learning how to FORMULATE our questions. 

What does one think? How so and why so and when so and where so?

I trust you have the text, Exploring Culture on your computer. Open and keep on your desk top.

The book has exercises and stories for you to acquire skills for understanding people from other cultures.

I.

So far, you have reached page 27 of the textbook. Chapter one is read and understood. You interpreted the words spoken by Hiromitsu and Sandy in Japanese Story. You deconstructed selected text from the film. You identified feelings of 'culture shock' by juxtaposing the words taken from the textbook onto the film. Coordinating text and image. You are learning to EXPAND your understanding of the Other’s world-view: feelings, images, and meaning of words.

Please google the term “other."

 

You are constantly posting reflections. Let your fingers do the talking, the expressing, the reflecting, the sharing. There is no Zoom, but I can see you, as you can see me, in the Mind’s Eye (please google). It’s the way of the future. A world of SIMULATION.

II.

Chapter 2 is titled, Culture: The Rules of the Social Game.

Please think about these words. That is the game plan. We are thinking about words. We define them for ourselves, and we are using 3 sources of information and putting this information together, in a way that FURTHERS understanding. 

1.Text book pages 29-46. Read several times. Take notes of key points.

2. View Three films (Japanese Story, Moonrise Kingdom, Outsourced) as an ethnomethodologist. Select sentences for interpretation. 

3. Letters and Postings in the Fishbowl. Stay tuned to overall themes in my letters. 

You are learning skills to DISCERN and ASCERTAIN foreign situations and, 'bring the contract home.’

I hope you will find the doing of the above interesting and the words and images so presented inspire you to go further. 

This is the first step or introduction to the vast topic of Culture. 

The approach in the fishbowl is to CONSTRUCT COORDINATES between one’s SUBJECTIVITY and LANGUAGE.

This is a Lacanian approach to culture. Please google Lacan.

I will be watching your back through my letters and thinking of you by reading into your words, but for now I must create 'mental space’ (please google) and ATTEND to the abstract. Time eventually does run out.

Please see Timothy Murphy’s posting below. Please contemplate the DIMENSIONS. 

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

timothymurphy

Posts: 167

Joined: Mon Sep 13, 2021 6:23 pm

Post by timothymurphy » Fri Nov 12, 2021 9:47 am

Hofstede’s cultural dimensions.

The Hofstede model of national culture consists of six dimensions. The cultural dimensions represent independent preferences for one state of affairs over another that distinguish countries (rather than individuals) from each other.

The country scores on the dimensions are relative, in that we are all human and simultaneously we are all unique. In other words, culture can only be used meaningfully by comparison. The model consists of the following dimensions:

POWER DISTANCE INDEX (PDI)

INDIVIDUALISM VERSUS COLLECTIVISM (IDV)

MASCULINITY VERSUS FEMININITY (MAS)

UNCERTAINTY AVOIDANCE INDEX (UAI)

LONG TERM ORIENTATION VERSUS SHORT TERM NORMATIVE ORIENTATION (LTO)

INDULGENCE VERSUS RESTRAINT (IVR)

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/2/2021 23:50:52
Subject: entering the unknown
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. I’ve been distracted all day, something we experience as holidays approach, but then I entered the fishbowl and I found clarity in the reflection by Skylar Santabarbara. He is describing the opening structure for the abstract and I found it useful in this moment of decision.

Whenever we don’t know anything, discipline is all we got.

Discipline equals: 

doing your vocabulary, 

google searches and 

deconstructing sentences from the letters.

Always reading, actively! 

Our environment (in the fishbowl) is made of text (words) and images they evoke. 

We are screening and scrolling them constantly, even in our sleep!

From this environment, made of text and images, we are selecting text and images that resonate with oneself. 

And from our collection, this gathering of text and images, we are to construct an opening structure. 

The Social Construction of Reality by Berger and Luckmann. Please google.

What I am really trying to say: we enter the unknown with a syntax.

It is an authentic entry because we felt every word and image. 

We set up the process and practice at the very start.

The abstract aside, going forward, we will focus on specific readings and assignments for each course. More structure. You have got the discipline down. I congratulate you!

Sanjiv

SYNTAX, AUTHENTIC, ENTRY, UNKNOWN

from the fishbowl...

skylarsantabarbara

Posts: 125

Joined: Tue Sep 14, 2021 10:58 am

Post by skylarsantabarbara » Tue Nov 02, 2021 1:02 pm

EMERGING STRUCTURE FOR THE CONFERENCE ABSTRACT

Reading is the focal point in the social space of the fishbowl because it sets in motion a whole chain of activities that depend both on the text (our words) and on our exercise of certain basic human faculties. Effects and responses in the fishbowl are properties neither of the text nor of the reader; the text represents a potential effect that is realized in the reading process. 

Reading each other's posts and shared ideas, help us not only learn, but sprout new ideas in our minds that are built off the origins of one another's. Making sure to read, however, is extremely important to getting the full experience from the fishbowl. The aesthetic response facilitates intersubjective discussion of individual interpretations. The fishbowl fosters the development of our own intellectual community and social spaces for our visual reality.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/2/2021 23:49:54
Subject: entering the unknown
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. I’ve been distracted all day, something we experience as holidays approach, but then I entered the fishbowl and I found clarity in the reflection by Skylar Santabarbara. He is describing the opening structure for the abstract and I found it useful in this moment of decision.

Whenever we don’t know anything, discipline is all we got.

Discipline equals: 

doing your vocabulary, 

google searches and 

deconstructing sentences from the letters.

Always reading, actively! 

Our environment (in the fishbowl) is made of text (words) and images they evoke. 

We are screening and scrolling them constantly, even in our sleep!

From this environment, made of text and images, we are selecting text and images that resonate with oneself. 

And from our collection, this gathering of text and images, we are to construct an opening structure. 

The Social Construction of Reality by Berger and Luckmann. Please google.

What I am really trying to say: we enter the unknown with a syntax.

It is an authentic entry because we felt every word and image. 

We set up the process and practice at the very start.

The abstract aside, going forward, we will focus on specific readings and assignments for each course. More structure. You have got the discipline down. I congratulate you!

Sanjiv

SYNTAX, AUTHENTIC, ENTRY, UNKNOWN

from the fishbowl...

skylarsantabarbara

Posts: 125

Joined: Tue Sep 14, 2021 10:58 am

Post by skylarsantabarbara » Tue Nov 02, 2021 1:02 pm

EMERGING STRUCTURE FOR THE CONFERENCE ABSTRACT

Reading is the focal point in the social space of the fishbowl because it sets in motion a whole chain of activities that depend both on the text (our words) and on our exercise of certain basic human faculties. Effects and responses in the fishbowl are properties neither of the text nor of the reader; the text represents a potential effect that is realized in the reading process. 

Reading each other's posts and shared ideas, help us not only learn, but sprout new ideas in our minds that are built off the origins of one another's. Making sure to read, however, is extremely important to getting the full experience from the fishbowl. The aesthetic response facilitates intersubjective discussion of individual interpretations. The fishbowl fosters the development of our own intellectual community and social spaces for our visual reality.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/1/2021 20:39:24
Subject: struggling with structuring
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you doing? I am struggling with the opening sentence for the abstract. The opening structure is the genesis. Every hour I change it. I am circling around it and fighting distractions. Going for the kill. Here’s the latest version:

The authors are participants in the construction of social space in a visual reality; a simulated experience, where learning outcomes are of great consequence. Learning outcomes are learning situations which the participant experiences as effective, exceptional, or personally meaningful. Critical thinking, communication, collaboration and creativity are the four Cs vital to learning outcomes (National Education Association, 2014). Participants took all four Cs into account in the construction of social space.

I’m not happy with the above, and wonder if it would be better to emphasize social space, where learning is relational instead of learning as outcomes. Either way ‘reading' and 'aesthetic response’ and ‘deconstruction' are the key methodological practices being followed. Please see Colin Staples post below.

It will all look different tomorrow morning after a night’s dreaming. You are the inspiration.

Sanjiv

SIMULATE, EXPERIENCE, OUTCOME, RELATIONAL, SITUATION, LEARNING

from the fishbowl...

colinstaples

Posts: 48

Joined: Tue Sep 14, 2021 11:43 am

Post by colinstaples » Mon Nov 01, 2021 12:57 pm

Intersubjectivity: 

- created by philosopher Edmund Husserl

- the interchange of thoughts and feelings, both conscious and unconscious, between two persons or subjects. 

Visual Reality:

- a simulated experience that can be similar or completely different from the real world. 

- In the 21st century, artificial intelligence is making it possible for humans to experience visual reality and even interact with this type of society.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/1/2021 20:38:48
Subject: struggling with structuring
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you doing? I am struggling with the opening sentence for the abstract. The opening structure is the genesis. Every hour I change it. I am circling around it and fighting distractions. Going for the kill. Here’s the latest version:

The authors are participants in the construction of social space in a visual reality; a simulated experience, where learning outcomes are of great consequence. Learning outcomes are learning situations which the participant experiences as effective, exceptional, or personally meaningful. Critical thinking, communication, collaboration and creativity are the four Cs vital to learning outcomes (National Education Association, 2014). Participants took all four Cs into account in the construction of social space.

I’m not happy with the above, and wonder if it would be better to emphasize social space, where learning is relational instead of learning as outcomes. Either way ‘reading' and 'aesthetic response’ and ‘deconstruction' are the key methodological practices being followed. Please see Colin Staples post below.

It will all look different tomorrow morning after a night’s dreaming. You are the inspiration.

Sanjiv

SIMULATE, EXPERIENCE, OUTCOME, RELATIONAL, SITUATION, LEARNING

from the fishbowl...

colinstaples

Posts: 48

Joined: Tue Sep 14, 2021 11:43 am

Post by colinstaples » Mon Nov 01, 2021 12:57 pm

Intersubjectivity: 

- created by philosopher Edmund Husserl

- the interchange of thoughts and feelings, both conscious and unconscious, between two persons or subjects. 

Visual Reality:

- a simulated experience that can be similar or completely different from the real world. 

- In the 21st century, artificial intelligence is making it possible for humans to experience visual reality and even interact with this type of society.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/31/2021 13:35:42
Subject: juxtaposition
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well. If you feel the need for a face-to-face, I am available in our designated class at the designated time on tuesdays. Think about your reticence (choose word) and articulate it when you come, so we can address it.

I want to talk about dichotomies and dimensions here. The best way to get their function across is by understanding and realizing the word (concept, symbol, image) that is :Juxtaposition.

I am juxtaposing a 3 minute clip from the film Dr. Zhivago (please google) and Timothy Murphy’s reflections below. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozpct8zUA_U

We are talking about “aesthetic responses” and being a poet; the greatest symbol in all societies and cultures. Poetics has gone mainstream!

Sanjiv

JUXTAPOSE, DICHOTOMY, DIMENSION, POET, POETICS

from the fishbowl...

timothymurphy

Posts: 132

Joined: Mon Sep 13, 2021 6:23 pm

Post by timothymurphy » Mon Oct 25, 2021 10:39 am

Responsibility

For me, being in college was my first real test of responsibility. Of course, before college, I had responsibilities like jobs, school, and sports. The main difference between College and these other types of responsibilities is time. In college, you have more free time than anything, you may only be in class for an hour or 2 and the rest of the day is up to you what you do. Time Management also plays a large role with responsibility, knowing when to get your assignments done and actually doing them is tough for some people. To stay on top of all my assignments, I like to take note of what I need to be done each week. This helps keep me on top of everything each week and makes managing my time much easier.

Post by timothymurphy » Mon Oct 25, 2021 10:51 am

Expert

With every post in the fishbowl, I believe I am coming closer and closer to becoming an expert at it. I now understand what is being asked of me day in and day out by my professor. When starting the class, I felt as if I was lost, looking for inspiration through my classmates. Now after reading so many of these letters and posting at least 3 times a week in the fishbowl, I think I am working steadily towards becoming an expert. The confidence I have now with my posting came with experience. Like I said, at first I felt lost and didn't think I would ever get the hang of the way the class is presented. Now that we are around the halfway mark, I feel much better and confident about what post.

Post by timothymurphy » Tue Oct 26, 2021 2:53 pm

"It is the Grandmother who knows how to change the metaphor. Always listen to them."

I found this sentence or two in the letter rather interesting as it's something I was always told as a child. Always listen to your grandparents. When I was young I didn't understand the real meaning behind what I was being told. I was too young and ignorant at the time to comprehend. Now that I am older, I understand that they have much more life experiences than I do. Just as we learn from our mistakes, they did too. The only difference is that they are trying to help us out based on what they have lived through. If I wanted to travel in the woods and my grandparents say no. It's not because they don't want me to have fun, its because they know that I have no idea the possible dangers.

Post by timothymurphy » Fri Oct 29, 2021 4:52 pm

As I look back at past postings in the fishbowl, it is clear that there is a structure being formed over time. With every post, I feel as if I am getting better and better as I can learn from my past mistakes. 

I agree with the idea to "change the label on each box". In my opinion, I think people get too caught up trying to get an A to the point that they trying to fly through all the assignments to get them done. As a senior in college, I can admit I've been in that mode from time to time. By changing the name of your goal (box) you can learn a lot more while still maintaining a good grade. With every fishbowl letter, I try and take away 1 new thing I learned. By doing so, I think it has made my writing better along with learning something new.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/31/2021 13:32:45
Subject: juxtaposition
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well. If you feel the need for a face-to-face, I am available in our designated class at the designated time on tuesdays. Think about your reticence (choose word) and articulate it when you come, so we can address it.

I want to talk about dichotomies and dimensions here. The best way to get their function across is by understanding and realizing the word (concept, symbol, image) that is :Juxtaposition.

I am juxtaposing a 3 minute clip from the film Dr. Zhivago (please google) and Timothy Murphy’s reflections below. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozpct8zUA_U

We are talking about “aesthetic responses” and being a poet; the greatest symbol in all societies and cultures. Poetics has gone mainstream!

Sanjiv

JUXTAPOSE, DICHOTOMY, DIMENSION, POET, POETICS

from the fishbowl...

timothymurphy

Posts: 132

Joined: Mon Sep 13, 2021 6:23 pm

Post by timothymurphy » Mon Oct 25, 2021 10:39 am

Responsibility

For me, being in college was my first real test of responsibility. Of course, before college, I had responsibilities like jobs, school, and sports. The main difference between College and these other types of responsibilities is time. In college, you have more free time than anything, you may only be in class for an hour or 2 and the rest of the day is up to you what you do. Time Management also plays a large role with responsibility, knowing when to get your assignments done and actually doing them is tough for some people. To stay on top of all my assignments, I like to take note of what I need to be done each week. This helps keep me on top of everything each week and makes managing my time much easier.

Post by timothymurphy » Mon Oct 25, 2021 10:51 am

Expert

With every post in the fishbowl, I believe I am coming closer and closer to becoming an expert at it. I now understand what is being asked of me day in and day out by my professor. When starting the class, I felt as if I was lost, looking for inspiration through my classmates. Now after reading so many of these letters and posting at least 3 times a week in the fishbowl, I think I am working steadily towards becoming an expert. The confidence I have now with my posting came with experience. Like I said, at first I felt lost and didn't think I would ever get the hang of the way the class is presented. Now that we are around the halfway mark, I feel much better and confident about what post.

Post by timothymurphy » Tue Oct 26, 2021 2:53 pm

"It is the Grandmother who knows how to change the metaphor. Always listen to them."

I found this sentence or two in the letter rather interesting as it's something I was always told as a child. Always listen to your grandparents. When I was young I didn't understand the real meaning behind what I was being told. I was too young and ignorant at the time to comprehend. Now that I am older, I understand that they have much more life experiences than I do. Just as we learn from our mistakes, they did too. The only difference is that they are trying to help us out based on what they have lived through. If I wanted to travel in the woods and my grandparents say no. It's not because they don't want me to have fun, its because they know that I have no idea the possible dangers.

Post by timothymurphy » Fri Oct 29, 2021 4:52 pm

As I look back at past postings in the fishbowl, it is clear that there is a structure being formed over time. With every post, I feel as if I am getting better and better as I can learn from my past mistakes. 

I agree with the idea to "change the label on each box". In my opinion, I think people get too caught up trying to get an A to the point that they trying to fly through all the assignments to get them done. As a senior in college, I can admit I've been in that mode from time to time. By changing the name of your goal (box) you can learn a lot more while still maintaining a good grade. With every fishbowl letter, I try and take away 1 new thing I learned. By doing so, I think it has made my writing better along with learning something new.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/29/2021 14:28:16
Subject: about symbols (2)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this Friday morning?

So what does one’s life symbolize is a relevant question to ask, if one wants to consider the concept of culture. 

What does my life symbolize?

‘Resistance’ is an important symbol, word and concept for me. 

Resisting everything false is my ‘chosen' symbol. It is also a word and a concept and has an image. And, of course, emotion. 

A symbol unifies body and spirit, and the symbol 'resistance' represents who I am; it a word that unifies my mind, body and spirit. 

It is a feeling (spirit), it is the imagination (mind) and felt in experiences (body) over a life-span. 

One’s symbol is a composite of culture, family, religion, society and education: text and images. 

We lead symbolic lives. We can be anything we want.

I’d like to leave you with a quote:

“No ambition, however extravagant, no fantasy, however outlandish, can any longer be dismissed as crazy or impossible. This is the age when you can finally do it all...

suddenly technology has given us powers with which we can manipulate not only external reality---the physical world---but also and much more portentously, ourselves. You can become whatever you want to be.” Ed Regis, "Meet the Extropians,” WIRED. (Please google)

Sanjiv

RESISTANCE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/28/2021 13:24:45
Subject: emerging structure for the Conference Abstract
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you today? I have been ‘reading' your fishbowls, off and on, and have a fair idea of what is going on with you; in your head, that is.

I have been thinking about the Abstract, and it is emerging from your writings in the fishbowl. 

Corey Longworth’s posting below has an effect that shapes the emerging abstract.

Looking at your postings, I see the structure being formed in the Fishbowl.

How does one do that? See a structure being formed?

You have to change the nomenclature (label) on each box. 

This is an imaginative and creative act.

A box is where you determine what goes-in/goes-out.

Inclusion/exclusion is the starting block of a structure.

For example, one starting structure was A, A-, B+ and B. Instead, I can ‘see’ you in a structure of boxes with the following labels:

Box 1. Actors, Directors, Producers, Screenwriters

Box 2. Interacting Audience

Box 3. Voyeurs

The social space of the fishbowl has the above structure, at least how I ‘see' it for the time-being.

Other structures could be: a catwalk or a play-pen, etc.

The following are the 'beginning ideas' for the Abstract, and subject to change. 

Our inspiration is coming from each other’s postings.

Suggested Title: "Social Spaces of Visual Reality: Passion for Learning"

Introduction

The most profound social change is taking place in new communication technologies that are fostering the development of social spaces of visual reality. 

The Internet is the backbone of this global computer-mediated communication (https://www.internetsociety.org/internet/)

What is the social space of a visual reality? What is it constituted by?

Any theory on social spaces is bound to be in the nature of a ‘construct.’

Reading is the focal point in the social space of the fishbowl because it sets in motion a whole chain of activities that depend both on the text (our words) and on our exercise of certain basic human faculties. Effects and responses in the fishbowl are properties neither of the text nor of the reader; the text represents a potential effect that is realized in the reading process. 

We show how an 'aesthetic response' is set in motion through the reading process.

The aesthetic response facilitates intersubjective discussion of individual interpretations.

These theoretical ideas will be illustrated by example, and, indeed, some are actually developed through the examples. 

In other words, the reader assembles the meaning of the text in a process of re-creative dialectics.

The relationship between reader and text itself needs an impulsion to set it in motion if it is to come to real fruition. To get the interaction going, there are necessary prerequisites. These prerequisites are laid out in the fishbowl in a wide range of specific instructions.

Sanjiv

EMERGE, NATURE, CONSTRUCT, AESTHETIC, RESPONSE, EFFECT

from the fishbowl...

CoreyLongworth

Posts: 42

Joined: Wed Sep 15, 2021 6:15 pm

Wed Oct 27, 2021 9:59 pm

10/24 Social Space in a Visual Reality

Lefebvre argued that every society—and, therefore, every mode of production—produces a certain space, its own space. The fishbowl is our social space. If every society produces its own space, any "social existence" aspiring to be or declaring itself to be real, but not producing its own space, would be a strange entity, a very peculiar abstraction incapable of escaping the ideological or even cultural spheres. Based on this argument, Lefebvre criticized Soviet urban planners on the basis that they failed to produce a socialist space, having just reproduced the modernist model of urban design interventions on physical space, which were insufficient to grasp social space. Lefebvre's argument in The Production of Space is that space is a social product, or a complex social construction (based on values, and the social production of meanings) which affects spatial practices and perceptions.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/28/2021 13:24:04
Subject: emerging structure for the Conference Abstract
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you today? I have been ‘reading' your fishbowls, off and on, and have a fair idea of what is going on with you; in your head, that is.

I have been thinking about the Abstract, and it is emerging from your writings in the fishbowl. 

Corey Longworth’s posting below has an effect that shapes the emerging abstract.

Looking at your postings, I see the structure being formed in the Fishbowl.

How does one do that? See a structure being formed?

You have to change the nomenclature (label) on each box. 

This is an imaginative and creative act.

A box is where you determine what goes-in/goes-out.

Inclusion/exclusion is the starting block of a structure.

For example, one starting structure was A, A-, B+ and B. Instead, I can ‘see’ you in a structure of boxes with the following labels:

Box 1. Actors, Directors, Producers, Screenwriters

Box 2. Interacting Audience

Box 3. Voyeurs

The social space of the fishbowl has the above structure, at least how I ‘see' it for the time-being.

Other structures could be: a catwalk or a play-pen, etc.

The following are the 'beginning ideas' for the Abstract, and subject to change. 

Our inspiration is coming from each other’s postings.

Suggested Title: "Social Spaces of Visual Reality: Passion for Learning"

Introduction

The most profound social change is taking place in new communication technologies that are fostering the development of social spaces of visual reality. 

The Internet is the backbone of this global computer-mediated communication (https://www.internetsociety.org/internet/)

What is the social space of a visual reality? What is it constituted by?

Any theory on social spaces is bound to be in the nature of a ‘construct.’

Reading is the focal point in the social space of the fishbowl because it sets in motion a whole chain of activities that depend both on the text (our words) and on our exercise of certain basic human faculties. Effects and responses in the fishbowl are properties neither of the text nor of the reader; the text represents a potential effect that is realized in the reading process. 

We show how an 'aesthetic response' is set in motion through the reading process.

The aesthetic response facilitates intersubjective discussion of individual interpretations.

These theoretical ideas will be illustrated by example, and, indeed, some are actually developed through the examples. 

In other words, the reader assembles the meaning of the text in a process of re-creative dialectics.

The relationship between reader and text itself needs an impulsion to set it in motion if it is to come to real fruition. To get the interaction going, there are necessary prerequisites. These prerequisites are laid out in the fishbowl in a wide range of specific instructions.

Sanjiv

EMERGE, NATURE, CONSTRUCT, AESTHETIC, RESPONSE, EFFECT

from the fishbowl...

CoreyLongworth

Posts: 42

Joined: Wed Sep 15, 2021 6:15 pm

Wed Oct 27, 2021 9:59 pm

10/24 Social Space in a Visual Reality

Lefebvre argued that every society—and, therefore, every mode of production—produces a certain space, its own space. The fishbowl is our social space. If every society produces its own space, any "social existence" aspiring to be or declaring itself to be real, but not producing its own space, would be a strange entity, a very peculiar abstraction incapable of escaping the ideological or even cultural spheres. Based on this argument, Lefebvre criticized Soviet urban planners on the basis that they failed to produce a socialist space, having just reproduced the modernist model of urban design interventions on physical space, which were insufficient to grasp social space. Lefebvre's argument in The Production of Space is that space is a social product, or a complex social construction (based on values, and the social production of meanings) which affects spatial practices and perceptions.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/27/2021 16:30:51
Subject: about culture (2)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you today? 

Please see Lucas Alvernaz’s process of ‘taking and making notes' as a critical ethnographer.

Lucas is an excellent example of Active Learning. Please google the term.

In Japanese Story we saw the INTERSECTION of two different cultures as represented by HIromitsu and Sandy’s mental structures, which as you know, are made up of text and images. 

A structure starts with a dichotomy (two words placed next to each other, like, resilience/speed) and our dichotomies come from past experiences which occur within one's cultural context. We are following Hofstede’s definition of culture: a collective programming of the mind that distinguishes one culture from another. Cultures are mental constructs. 

Please be sure to complete your reading from the workbook, so that we can proceed forward. 

Currently, you are watching Moonrise Kingdom to figure-out American culture. To attempt such a challenge, Hofstede classified national cultures in terms of the importance attached to different values. We see that clearly in Japanese Story.

A culture’s value-structure is a word-structure. That is what you are being asked to ascertain in the films that we are watching. A word is a symbol, a concept and an image, as you well know.

What exactly are cultural values? Cultural values are very difficult to talk about because they are taken for granted. They become like a problem solved regularly in the same way: it ceases to be a problem. Rather, it ceases to be a conscious act and become just another assumption. It is only when a person’s assumptions are challenged that they realize that these assumptions even exist.

Our endeavor is to uncover assumptions. To do so, you have to be able to see what is not visible to the naked eye.

Sanjiv

TAKE, MAKE, NOTES, ACTIVE, LEARNER, ASSUMPTION, MENTAL-CONSTRUCT (not construction), STRUCTURE

from the fishbowl...

Post by lucasalvernaz » Tue Oct 26, 2021 10:23 pm

Japanese story notes

(1)

Sandy, he's Japanese.

- They're not interested in exploration.

I'm not traipsing around the desert

with some Japanese prick...

...who wants a glorified tour guide!

I'm a geologist!

Not a bloody geisha! You haven't

factored in the landfall properly here.

Sandys co co-worker makes an inference that Hiromitsu isn't going to want to explore the country land because he is a conservative businessman and strictly wants to figure out the deal at hand. Sandy doesn't care regardless and believes she is above escorting him around and doesn't want to waste her time. 

Geisha - Japanese girl whose profession is to sing and dance to entertain men

Traipsing - cross, traverse, transgress

(2)

In Australia...

...you have a lot of space,

no people.

In Japan

...we have many people,

no space. 

Yeah. 

You ready to go? 

There is nothing.

It scares me.

Hiromitsu is used to living in the city in Japan and receives a culture shock when he sees the great open and vastness of the Australian desert. He describes the open land as space and creates a vivid scene in my head in comparison to the crowds in the streets of Japan.

Space - period of time, distance, interval, stellar depths, immense emptiness between the worlds

(3)

You can't send a condolence card

to a complete stranger.

You don't know her.

You don't know her culture. 

You know nothing about her

or her marriage!

Sandy's mother doesn't believe she should send a condolences card to Hiromitsu’s wife because they are not familiar with one another and she doesn't know her culture well enough where that could potentially offend her. 

Condolence - sympathetic grief, sorrowing with another, expression of sympathy to one in distress, mourning, compassionate 

(4)

What is this "hai"? 

Yeah, "hai. "

I mean, what does that mean? 

- It means "yes. "

- "Yes"? 

But not "yes" like in English. 

It means, "I am listening. 

Go on. Yes. " 

Hai is "what. " 

Hai is "I don't know. 

Can be just thinking.

And sometimes... 

...it means "no. "

But no one says no.

Just hai, which means "yes. "

Even if they mean no?

In the desert...

...I was wrong.

It is very bad to make

so many mistakes.

So I must fix them myself.

I'm sorry. 

And that's why you couldn't ring?

Yes.

And then I read the book.

I begin to understand.

And then I am possessed...

...like a man who has

the strength of many.

Very strong!

Never felt so strong!

And you.

You don't even want

to speak to me.

Oh, no. I want to kill you.

But without me, you are alone.

And then you die.

- Oh, maybe.

- Yes, you die. In the dessert.

Hiromitsu explains how in his culture it is looked down upon to ask for help after making a mistake and that he must figure it out. He needed to get Sandy couldn't understand that at first similar to how she didn't understand the multiuse meaning of “HAI” in the Japanese language until he had to explain it.

(5)

Do you love your wife?

No need to say it.

When you say it...

...then, not so true.

You give up.

It's bad for you.

No photo?

No photo. 

Very old rock.

Beautiful.

Before...

...I came to Australia...

...I was sad.

I have...

...heavy obligations.

But...

...I must get through it.

Here in the dessert...

Desert!

You have shown me...

...something beautiful.

Thank you.

Hiromitsu was a bit depressed and in a rut due to his rigorous duties and expectations set back home in Japan. Although he has a wife and kids Sandy was able to give him experiences and show and teach him things he had no idea about. He was in awe with her and what she was able to do for him and relieve the stresses clouding his mind.

lucasalvernaz

Posts: 28

Joined: Tue Sep 14, 2021 11:06 am

Post by lucasalvernaz » Tue Oct 26, 2021 10:27 pm

Moonrise Kingdom Notes:

1)If we find him i won't be the one who forgot a weapon 

Many U.S. citizens like to carry around weapons in the case of rather having one and not needing it instead of needing it and not having it. Guns especially, Americans harp having them because it is included in our Bill of Rights (2nd Amendment) and they feel it is protection from attackers and those who try to infringe on their rights

2)Well, it doesn’t matter, anyway. You don’t have that authority. We’ve been deputized. Now are you going to come along peacefully or not?

Many Americans believe that they are superior to others even if they are a little different and can order them around. Police in the U.S. have been notoriously discriminatory and authoritative to minorities in the past and current times.

3)SUZY - It helps me see things closer. Even if they’re not very far away. I pretend it’s my magic power. 

SAM - (impressed) That sounds like poetry. Poems don’t always have to rhyme, you know. They’re just supposed to be creative

As a kid many of us used to dream of magic powers like super speed, strength, ability to fly etc… whereas Suzy is much more practical but uses her binoculars to get a visual of everything around her. 

4)Wait. Just in case this is a suicide, or 99. (more) they capture us, and we never see each other again anymore -- thank you for marrying me. I’m glad I got to know you, Suzy.

This is like a Romeo and Juliet/ Bonnie and Clyde like scenario where they feel like they'd rather die together than live apart from one another. Many people in my experience would ideally like to find a significant other who will stick by them through the thick and the thin

5)He’s a fellow Khaki Scout, and he needs our help. Are we man enough to give that? So part of his brain doesn’t get removed out of him.

This common phrase in the western world to “be a man” insinuates that they need to step up and do what they believe is right despite the consequences. Gives a bit of a negative connotation that only “men” can do the right thing and have to be the saviors where that is not always the case.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/27/2021 13:49:42
Subject: de-materialization of society
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Your Fishbowls are A Globalizing Economy with Knowledge-based Assets:

In the twentieth century, mankind made a transition from a matter-based economy to one based on ideas from an emphasis on natural resources to focusing on thought, design and organization. Accompanying this were two trends. 

First, services displaced manufacturing as the major component of economic activity. 

Second, manufactured items themselves were designed leaner, or more precisely, could produce larger quantities of output from the same, or a lighter design. 

By the end of the twentieth century, the de-materialization of the economy had advanced to the point where 79 percent of jobs, and 76 percent of the GNP in the USA were in the service sector (Survey of Current Business, 1995). Europe and Japan lagged only slightly behind. Emerging nations are also moving along a developmental path that seems to culminate with intangibles ultimately comprising the dominant portion of the economy. Several developing nations are already at or near the point where the service sector is worth more than half their economy (UNCTAD,1992, 1995).

An economy based on ideas rather than material objects has several distinct characteristics. An economy of objects emphasizes mass production, internalized ownership, control and vertical integration. You see this in the organizational structure depicted in the film, Strictly Ballroom (MGT345). 

On the other hand, an economy based on knowledge favors customization, ﬂexibility, rapid response and dis-internalization or deconstruction of the value chain. This favors alliances, as different pieces of the value chain (vocabulary) under different ownership cooperate with each other. You see this in the alliances and relations forged in Strictly Ballroom. 

Please consider your postings in your fishbowl in this light. Please see Charlie Chaplin (1936) in Modern Times (4mts).

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6n9ESFJTnHs

Sanjiv

MATERIALIZE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/26/2021 13:33:02
Subject: breaking metaphors
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this morning? I hope you are keeping well. I will not be coming to campus this tuesday because of inclement weather. If anyone wants to contact me for any reason, please email me directly.

I want to raise the question: what was the purpose of watching Strictly Ballroom?

We are learning to see things (like words and images) as symbols and, as metaphors and, as word-images.

And when we do so together, we create a 'viSual reality' (please google) and an ‘intersubjectivity' (please google). Eyes looking at Eyes!

What does this mean: 

we are taking words seriously and contemplatively. 

For instance, Strictly Ballroom is a great metaphor, don’t you think! 

Even the word ‘strict' has an other-world ring to it.

In the film, we together experience a magical story of a championship ballroom dancer who breaks all the rules. We see what Scott Hastings has to go through. First and foremost he had to work through his sexism towards Fran, and the same by his mother towards him. All about the words and images they use in creating their reality. Wrong words create misperceptions and causes suffering. 

In the film, we see the classical example of the metaphor machine and mechanistic thinking. It is linear thinking, and confined to a strict vocabulary and meaning formation. A closed and insular society unto itself. It is the Grandmother who knows how to change the metaphor. Always listen to them. Listen to the Rhythm instead of perfecting Steps. She shows Scott how to do so and change the metaphor. The best part is we don’t have to be like Tina Sparkle. No longer the way to succeed. We have to form new relations, new collaborations, and work on our mental frameworks to make them flexible, ready for anything and everything.

Please see the advise from Grace Arruda for Scott Hastings: 9/23 Co-Jointly in the Making. It is the use of language (for example “Scott was boxed in” and “flashy steps") that creates our reality.

Sanjiv

VISUAL, INTERSUBJECTIVE (please google), VISUAL-REALITY (please google), MAGICAL

from the fishbowl...

gracearruda

Posts: 32

Joined: Mon Sep 13, 2021 9:06 pm

 Mon Oct 25, 2021 9:46 pm

9/23 Co-Jointly in the Making

“We are developing a reading and writing strategy (in case you hadn’t noticed), and 

learning to deconstruct text (please google Jacques Derrida and Deconstruction), and 

experientially (by bringing in emotion), we are creating a point-of-view.”

Reading and writing strategy – the way in which every individual chooses to interpret a reading and explain it in writing routinely 

Deconstruct text – break down the deeper meaning of the words and phrases 

Point-of-view- an opinion of an individual 

As we go through this course and learn vocabulary and Google search philosophers and ideas, we are developing our own strategies. Every one of us will create our own way to interpret the letters and explain them in writing. We ‘deconstruct the text’ by breaking down certain parts of the letters and diving into the deeper meanings of the words and phrases. As we deconstruct, our own opinions and emotions become infused into the explanation. This infusion of our opinion creates our personal ‘point-of-view’ that can be seen by everyone in the Fishbowl.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/26/2021 12:58:38
Subject: no class
------------------------------------------------------------
Just a quick note. No class is scheduled today due to the weather. I am presently working on a letter to you, but thought I better get this information out, for the stray chance that someone shows up.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/26/2021 12:58:08
Subject: no class
------------------------------------------------------------
Just a quick note. No class is scheduled today due to the weather. I am presently working on a letter to you, but thought I better get this information out, for the stray chance that someone shows up.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/25/2021 20:12:59
Subject: what are American values?
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? Tomorrow on Tuesday, I will not be coming to campus because of heavy rains and strong winds. 

I am presuming you have understood and experienced, at least intuitively, as to what we are doing in the fishbowl thus far. 

Please fact check for yourselves. If you have doubts, then the beginning is the best place to start. Read the syllabus and move up to subsequent letters. 

You may also email directly with your questions.

In this email, what I want to say is that we are confronting a situation, across the board in my opinion, where the old vocabulary in most of our textbooks encourages a mind-set that is in danger of being insular and limited by obsolete boundaries and distinctions. Please think about it.

INSULAR, OBSOLETE, BOUNDARY, DISTINCTION

We badly need a new vocabulary, a new expression. 

The old definitions of international business are now DEFUNCT; terms such as ‘exporting’ and ‘importing’, ‘domestic’ and ‘overseas’ are now largely IRRELEVANT. 

The distinction between domestic and international markets has crumbled fast in virtually every part of the world.

"Emerging along with increasingly global markets and global competition are new organizational forms and competitive requirements which absolutely demand that we pay attention to differences in our individual cultures.” (Hoecklin)

GLOBAL, MARKET, COMPETITION

What are the new organizational forms?

And what are the new competitive requirements?

and how do we pay attention to differences in culture?

Please be aware, that we will have to give an account of ourselves at the end of the semester. 

In the meantime, please be sure to finish your reading from Exploring Culture, and ‘critically watching’ Wes Anderson’s Moonrise Kingdom. It was shot in Rhode Island, and like Wes Anderson, you are reflecting upon American culture. What are American values is a question that concerns most everyone on the planet.

When reading about ‘culture shock’ in Exploring Culture, please think of Hiromitsu in Japanese Story. The expression on his face, DEPICTS cultural SHOCK.

Sanjiv

VALUE, DIFFERENCE, REFLECT

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/12/2021 22:27:53
Subject: 16th annual International Technology, Education and Development Conference
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? Please open the attachment below.

The key to adding value in a knowledge economy (please google) is collaborating across disparate structures of values, words, feelings, and images.

So how does one enter the knowledge economy? (I am told it takes ten years to be top of this heap, but there has to be a first step.)

The title of the INTED2022 conference is rightly labeled as “Sharing the Passion for Learning”. That is something many of you are doing as a daily practice by way of responding in the fishbowl.

I think we should consider submitting an abstract to the conference and share our process for learning.

Sanjiv

VALUE-ADDED, COLLABORATION, DISPARATE

att/

Begin forwarded message:

From: "INTED2022" <inted2022@iated.org>

Subject: Deadline for Abstract Submission: 18th November 2021 - 16th INTED conference - Valencia, Spain

Date: October 11, 2021 at 3:11:34 PM EDT

To: <sanjivdugal@gmail.com>

Reply-To: inted2022@iated.org

Publicidad

View content in a browser »

 

16th annual International Technology, Education and Development Conference

7-9 MARCH, 2022

VALENCIA (SPAIN)	SUBMIT YOUR ABSTRACT NOW »

Deadline: 18th of November, 2021

JOIN US!

Dear Sanjiv Dugal,

You are invited to join the 16th edition of INTED, one of the largest international conferences for lecturers, educational researchers and technologists.

For the last 15 years, INTED conferences have been held as both in-person and virtual events, welcoming more than 700 participants in the field of education. Last March 2021, due to the COVID outbreak, INTED2021 was successfully held as a virtual conference.

This year 2022, if the health conditions and travelling restrictions do not allow INTED2022 to be held in-person, the conference will be moved to a fully virtual format. Please, find more information here.

Learn more »

CALL FOR ABSTRACTS

You can present your projects and experiences on education and innovation in any of the following formats:

- Virtual presentations

- Oral and poster presentations

The deadline for abstracts submission is 18th of November, 2021.

You can find the conference topics here.

Learn more »

TOP 5 REASONS TO PARTICIPATE AT INTED2022

- Present your paper in one of the largest international conferences on education.

- Interact with international educators and technologists for future cooperation.

- Meet 700 participants from more than 80 countries.

- Learn about education innovations and strategies in 70+ thematic sessions.

- Publish your paper in INTED2022 Proceedings.

Discover who will attend »

PUBLICATIONS

- INTED2022 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for their inclusion in Web of Science (Conference Proceedings Citation Index). Previous editions were already accepted.

- An individual DOI number will be assigned for each accepted paper.

- Also, INTED2022 Proceedings will be included in IATED Digital Library.

Learn more »

VIRTUAL PARTICIPATION

This option will enable authors to submit their abstracts and papers for INTED2022 Proceedings without attending the conference in-person.

Also, authors will be able to submit their virtual presentation files (slides, video or poster). These presentations will be uploaded onto the conference website and Technical Program.

Registered virtual authors will receive a virtual package (INTED2022 Proceedings, participation/author certificate, and conference materials) that will be sent by courier after the conference dates.

In order to promote a maximum interaction, different thematic chats, private chats and other networking live activities will be offered for virtual participants.

Learn more »

PROPOSE A SPECIAL SESSION

If you want your own topic being covered, you are invited to propose a special session where you and your colleagues can share novel ideas and experiences and discuss them with the audience.

Discover how »		

BECOME AN EXHIBITOR

Exhibit your products to more than 700 leading decision-makers, lecturers, educational researchers and practitioners in education and research from more than 80 different countries.

Discover how»

IATED Publications

Search Digital Library

IATED Talks

Copyright © 2006-2021 IATED. All rights reserved.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/12/2021 22:26:55
Subject: 16th annual International Technology, Education and Development Conference
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? Please open the attachment below.

The key to adding value in a knowledge economy (please google) is collaborating across disparate structures of values, words, feelings, and images.

So how does one enter the knowledge economy? (I am told it takes ten years to be top of this heap, but there has to be a first step.)

The title of the INTED2022 conference is rightly labeled as “Sharing the Passion for Learning”. That is something many of you are doing as a daily practice by way of responding in the fishbowl.

I think we should consider submitting an abstract to the conference and share our process for learning.

Sanjiv

VALUE-ADDED, COLLABORATION, DISPARATE

att/

Begin forwarded message:

From: "INTED2022" <inted2022@iated.org>

Subject: Deadline for Abstract Submission: 18th November 2021 - 16th INTED conference - Valencia, Spain

Date: October 11, 2021 at 3:11:34 PM EDT

To: <sanjivdugal@gmail.com>

Reply-To: inted2022@iated.org

Publicidad

View content in a browser »

 

16th annual International Technology, Education and Development Conference

7-9 MARCH, 2022

VALENCIA (SPAIN)	SUBMIT YOUR ABSTRACT NOW »

Deadline: 18th of November, 2021

JOIN US!

Dear Sanjiv Dugal,

You are invited to join the 16th edition of INTED, one of the largest international conferences for lecturers, educational researchers and technologists.

For the last 15 years, INTED conferences have been held as both in-person and virtual events, welcoming more than 700 participants in the field of education. Last March 2021, due to the COVID outbreak, INTED2021 was successfully held as a virtual conference.

This year 2022, if the health conditions and travelling restrictions do not allow INTED2022 to be held in-person, the conference will be moved to a fully virtual format. Please, find more information here.

Learn more »

CALL FOR ABSTRACTS

You can present your projects and experiences on education and innovation in any of the following formats:

- Virtual presentations

- Oral and poster presentations

The deadline for abstracts submission is 18th of November, 2021.

You can find the conference topics here.

Learn more »

TOP 5 REASONS TO PARTICIPATE AT INTED2022

- Present your paper in one of the largest international conferences on education.

- Interact with international educators and technologists for future cooperation.

- Meet 700 participants from more than 80 countries.

- Learn about education innovations and strategies in 70+ thematic sessions.

- Publish your paper in INTED2022 Proceedings.

Discover who will attend »

PUBLICATIONS

- INTED2022 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for their inclusion in Web of Science (Conference Proceedings Citation Index). Previous editions were already accepted.

- An individual DOI number will be assigned for each accepted paper.

- Also, INTED2022 Proceedings will be included in IATED Digital Library.

Learn more »

VIRTUAL PARTICIPATION

This option will enable authors to submit their abstracts and papers for INTED2022 Proceedings without attending the conference in-person.

Also, authors will be able to submit their virtual presentation files (slides, video or poster). These presentations will be uploaded onto the conference website and Technical Program.

Registered virtual authors will receive a virtual package (INTED2022 Proceedings, participation/author certificate, and conference materials) that will be sent by courier after the conference dates.

In order to promote a maximum interaction, different thematic chats, private chats and other networking live activities will be offered for virtual participants.

Learn more »

PROPOSE A SPECIAL SESSION

If you want your own topic being covered, you are invited to propose a special session where you and your colleagues can share novel ideas and experiences and discuss them with the audience.

Discover how »		

BECOME AN EXHIBITOR

Exhibit your products to more than 700 leading decision-makers, lecturers, educational researchers and practitioners in education and research from more than 80 different countries.

Discover how»

IATED Publications

Search Digital Library

IATED Talks

Copyright © 2006-2021 IATED. All rights reserved.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/12/2021 18:11:28
Subject: mindfulness
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? 

Thus far you have been introduced to new know-how (and how to know in new ways) by sharing what you have learned. 

According Howard Rheingold (please google) there are five literacies that are in the process of changing our world:

attention,

participation,

collaboration,

crap detection (the critical consumption of information), and

network smarts.

When enough people become proficient at these skills, then healthy new economies, politics, societies and cultures can emerge. The free flows of information that digital technologies have made possible are enriching if used properly, but unhealthy if we don't know how to selectively shut them out.

At the heart of this know-how being used in the fishbowl is learning mindfulness (please google) in cyber culture. Thinking about what you are doing and why you are doing it instead of going through the motions is fundamental to the definition of mindful, whether you are deciding to follow someone on Twitter, shutting the lid of your lap-top in class, looking up from your BlackBerry in a meeting, or consciously deciding which links not to click.

Learning how to deploy attention in relation to available media is key today for success in education, business, and social life. Similarly, those who understand the fundamentals of digital participation, online collaboration, informational credibility testing, and network awareness will be able to exert more control over their own lives.

At this point in the semester, please identify your perceptual shifts in behavior emanating from the above literacies.

Sanjiv

LITERACY, MINFULNESS, DEPLOY, ATTENTION, PARTICIPATION, COLLABORATION, CREDIBILITY, NETWORK, AWARENESS

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/12/2021 18:10:52
Subject: mindfulness
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? 

Thus far you have been introduced to new know-how (and how to know in new ways) by sharing what you have learned. 

According Howard Rheingold (please google) there are five literacies that are in the process of changing our world:

attention,

participation,

collaboration,

crap detection (the critical consumption of information), and

network smarts.

When enough people become proficient at these skills, then healthy new economies, politics, societies and cultures can emerge. The free flows of information that digital technologies have made possible are enriching if used properly, but unhealthy if we don't know how to selectively shut them out.

At the heart of this know-how being used in the fishbowl is learning mindfulness (please google) in cyber culture. Thinking about what you are doing and why you are doing it instead of going through the motions is fundamental to the definition of mindful, whether you are deciding to follow someone on Twitter, shutting the lid of your lap-top in class, looking up from your BlackBerry in a meeting, or consciously deciding which links not to click.

Learning how to deploy attention in relation to available media is key today for success in education, business, and social life. Similarly, those who understand the fundamentals of digital participation, online collaboration, informational credibility testing, and network awareness will be able to exert more control over their own lives.

At this point in the semester, please identify your perceptual shifts in behavior emanating from the above literacies.

Sanjiv

LITERACY, MINFULNESS, DEPLOY, ATTENTION, PARTICIPATION, COLLABORATION, CREDIBILITY, NETWORK, AWARENESS

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/12/2021 15:30:09
Subject: structuralism and post-structuralism
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? We are at a turning-point (metaphor, image), post Columbus Day. 

In this letter I will frame the skills you have been ‘displaying,' thus far, in both MGT345 & MGT448..

1. You have understood through lived-experience, the notion of structure and re-structure.You accomplished this by deconstructing words, selecting and substituting them, to construct new meaning. You could call yourselves, almost, ‘structuralists' and 'post-structuralists.' Please google both these terms.

2. You have understood through lived-experience, how structures structure our interpretations (i.e., how we see things) and our felt-experiences (i.e., how we feel). You understood this through language used in the fishbowl.

3. You have understood through lived-experience, the distinction between ‘observation' and ‘interpretation.’

4. You have understood through lived-experience, that reading is the focal point because it sets in motion a whole chain of activities that depend on words and on your ability to express them. Text represents a potential effect that is realized in the reading process. 

5. You have understood through lived-experience, that as the reader, you assemble the meaning of the text through a process of re-creative dialectics. You experienced how the relationship between reader and text needs an impulsion to set it in motion if it is to come to real fruition. 

Sanjiv

DISPLAY, DIALECTIC, OBSERVATION, INTERPRETATION, EXPRESSION, REALIZE, EFFECT, READING, FOCAL, IMPULSION

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/12/2021 15:28:32
Subject: structuralism and post-structuralism
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? We are at a turning-point (metaphor, image), post Columbus Day. 

In this letter I will frame the skills you have been ‘displaying,' thus far, in both MGT345 & MGT448..

1. You have understood through lived-experience, the notion of structure and re-structure.You accomplished this by deconstructing words, selecting and substituting them, to construct new meaning. You could call yourselves, almost, ‘structuralists' and 'post-structuralists.' Please google both these terms.

2. You have understood through lived-experience, how structures structure our interpretations (i.e., how we see things) and our felt-experiences (i.e., how we feel). You understood this through language used in the fishbowl.

3. You have understood through lived-experience, the distinction between ‘observation' and ‘interpretation.’

4. You have understood through lived-experience, that reading is the focal point because it sets in motion a whole chain of activities that depend on words and on your ability to express them. Text represents a potential effect that is realized in the reading process. 

5. You have understood through lived-experience, that as the reader, you assemble the meaning of the text through a process of re-creative dialectics. You experienced how the relationship between reader and text needs an impulsion to set it in motion if it is to come to real fruition. 

Sanjiv

DISPLAY, DIALECTIC, OBSERVATION, INTERPRETATION, EXPRESSION, REALIZE, EFFECT, READING, FOCAL, IMPULSION

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/9/2021 20:10:41
Subject: we do not have to be this way
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? Please see Luke Tolar’s reflection in the fishbowl.

We do not have to be this way. 

It is what Marx describes as 'false consciousness.' Please google. 

It is both shaped circumstance and deliberate choice, and it is as personal as it is political,

Bottom line: reading allows us to recognize each other. Reading makes everything seem possible. 

May we find hope in each others brilliant words.

Thank you for sharing deeply felt experiences so eloquently.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

Luke Tolar

Posts: 2

Joined: Thu Sep 16, 2021 4:28 pm

INTERPLAY, ALCHEMY, ORIGINAL, ACCOUNT, HABIT

Post by Luke Tolar » Sat Oct 09, 2021 11:38 am

I have found that in any setting, when confronted with a task, your unethical goals will bleed through to your execution. It is incredibly easy for any onlooker to distinguish execution of an individual wanting to succeed and better themselves, and the execution of someone who is simply trying to move through the motions. When you simply move through the motions, you lose the fire and liveliness that makes that motion unique to you, and end up with a robotic sequence of events unoriginal and stopping you from alchemy of any kind. The more these robotic decisions are made, the more they become habit, and at some point lead you to becoming a product of those robotic motions, a robot programmed by the historical actions of those around you.

Define:

Deep thinking: To think beyond beliefs, preconceived ideas and prevailing opinions

Interplay: The way in which two or more things have an effect on each other.

Alchemy: A seemingly magical process of transformation, creation, or combination.

Original: Created directly and personally; not a copy or imitation.

Account: A report or description of an event or experience.

Habit: A settled or regular tendency or practice, especially one that is hard to give up.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/9/2021 20:10:07
Subject: we do not have to be this way
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? Please see Luke Tolar’s reflection in the fishbowl.

We do not have to be this way. 

It is what Marx describes as 'false consciousness.' Please google. 

It is both shaped circumstance and deliberate choice, and it is as personal as it is political,

Bottom line: reading allows us to recognize each other. Reading makes everything seem possible. 

May we find hope in each others brilliant words.

Thank you for sharing deeply felt experiences so eloquently.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

Luke Tolar

Posts: 2

Joined: Thu Sep 16, 2021 4:28 pm

INTERPLAY, ALCHEMY, ORIGINAL, ACCOUNT, HABIT

Post by Luke Tolar » Sat Oct 09, 2021 11:38 am

I have found that in any setting, when confronted with a task, your unethical goals will bleed through to your execution. It is incredibly easy for any onlooker to distinguish execution of an individual wanting to succeed and better themselves, and the execution of someone who is simply trying to move through the motions. When you simply move through the motions, you lose the fire and liveliness that makes that motion unique to you, and end up with a robotic sequence of events unoriginal and stopping you from alchemy of any kind. The more these robotic decisions are made, the more they become habit, and at some point lead you to becoming a product of those robotic motions, a robot programmed by the historical actions of those around you.

Define:

Deep thinking: To think beyond beliefs, preconceived ideas and prevailing opinions

Interplay: The way in which two or more things have an effect on each other.

Alchemy: A seemingly magical process of transformation, creation, or combination.

Original: Created directly and personally; not a copy or imitation.

Account: A report or description of an event or experience.

Habit: A settled or regular tendency or practice, especially one that is hard to give up.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/9/2021 12:09:50
Subject: reflecting on your fishbowls
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this Saturday?

In your fishbowls, we SEE 'deep thinking’ (please google) and an ability to capture the ZEITGEIST. 

This is an important skill to develop in a knowledge economy that is digital and predominantly a visual reality made up of text and images.

Your interplay of words and images in the original offer an intriguing historical account of a thoughtful life of the undergraduate.

Your writing stands alone. It transforms the reader and raises the question, how did you write this and how did you know that it would affect the reader?

Your fishbowl is testimony that your alchemy is a result of a habit of careful observation and reflection.

Please see Ryan Winn’s postings as one example from your fishbowls.

Sanjiv

INTERPLAY, ALCHEMY, ORIGINAL, ACCOUNT, HABIT

from the fishbowl...

ryanwinn

Posts: 30

Joined: Mon Sep 20, 2021 8:25 pm

Letters: Deconstruction

Fri Oct 08, 2021 3:34 pm

9/26

Quote: "The fishbowl is not about ‘catching-up’ but ‘jumping-in.’ This requires you to 'jump-start' a failing battery"

Deconstruction: Fishbowl is about channeling our inner thoughts and putting them to words. Fishbowl shouldn't feel like a task but rather a getaway to express ourselves. Therefore, it is important to keep up and 'dive in' to Fishbowl rather than fall behind and make it feel like an annoying task. Jump-starting the battery is the first step to getting a consistent flow with Fishbowl.

9/27

Quote "Along the same vein, to create a society, we must first examine our intentions. If the motivation for action in the fishbowl does not transcend the desire for a high grade, the quality of the results will be inferior."

Deconstruction: We must realize what Fishbowl is and why it is worth our time to put in the effort. Without the motivation and will for a high grade, Fishbowl will become of little importance and receive half-ass effort. By aiming high and striving for greatness, Fishbowl will become a lot easier and fluent resulting in a high grade.

9/28

Quote: "Copying is an essential part of being human because without copying we cannot understand ourselves or the world we live in."

Deconstruction: Copying happens everyday and everywhere as it is an essential and important part of life. Some may call it copying but I view it as 'guidance'. By "copying" you're learning and interpreting someone else's information and using it to expand your knowledge. Copying allows us to generate answers or views that we support as it may be too difficult for one to put it in their own words.

9/29

Quote: "Applied in this manner, metaphor exerts a formative influence on how we think, how we see, and how we express ourselves on a day-to-day basis."

Deconstruction: By utilizing, applying, and understanding metaphors in our daily lives, it broadens our perspective on particular views. It can alter the way one may view or think of a particular thing or situation. Utilizing metaphors can give someone an imagination they've never seen before.

10/1

Quote: "The fishbowl, simply, is somewhere where fact and imagination fuse."

Deconstruction: Fishbowl can be thought as a free-roaming world for our minds to escape and express our opinions and feelings. It allows us to communicate and view other people's imaginations and personal feelings and standpoints. With no set rules, we can expand our knowledge and vocabulary and utilize copying to a certain extent to help express ourselves in ways we couldn't do it ourselves.

10/2

Quote: "Skills that connect elements (words) from various fragments to form a structure that is a cohesive whole. To create structure or unity from a variety of reflections is the individual's charge."

Deconstruction: Fishbowl is a digital structure that allows us to utilize our skills and construct abstract sentences to create a reflective community. We are in the drivers seat and control the setting and vibe of Fishbowl and our attitude will reflect that through our posts.

10/3

Quote: "We are building knowledge and a knowing, a society and a culture, among ourselves by viewing films (moving images) and sharing our reflections and process of word-image constructions."

Deconstruction: Fishbowl is becoming a community and culture and we are creating that by expressing and reflecting our point of views by watching movies, looking at images, and reading words. Whilst doing so, we are building knowledge and becoming more aware of how this community operates everyday throughout the semester. The deconstruction section allows us to break down these sentences and broaden our knowledge beyond the scope of our imagination.

10/4

Quote: "To know a culture, we have to be IMMERSED in it. It is when we begin taking things for granted; when we are immersed in those things."

Deconstruction: To be part of a culture and know it roots and purpose, you must be actively involved and interested and absorb it's inner purpose. When we become deeply involved, it may snap us out of reality and cause us to take these things for granted. It is always important to stay actively involved and stay on track to create a functioning culture.

10/5

Quote: "Stay close to words. Immerse yourself and engage with them. Replicate, reiterate, reinvent them. Develop a trajectory of thoughts. That is, structures of words."

Deconstruction: Reading is important, soaking up the information and gaining a personal understanding of sentences can broaden you point of views. By copying, replicating, and breaking down sentences in your own words, it allows you to express yourself in different ways and may make you think differently of what you thought at first. The structure of words is important but doesn't follow a particular order which allows us to say how we feel without restrictions.

10/6

Quote: "Every posting that one makes is an “event” that changes the mental landscape."

Deconstruction: Every time a post is made, a new idea or piece of information is brought upon. This expands our knowledge and ways of thinking in which creates a change of our mental landscape. One singular post can completely change the way someone thinks of a certain point of view. That's why it is important to express ourselves and keep up to date with postings to expand and better our mental landscape.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/9/2021 12:08:23
Subject: reflecting on your fishbowls
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this Saturday?

In your fishbowls, we SEE 'deep thinking’ (please google) and an ability to capture the ZEITGEIST. 

This is an important skill to develop in a knowledge economy that is digital and predominantly a visual reality made up of text and images.

Your interplay of words and images in the original offer an intriguing historical account of a thoughtful life of the undergraduate.

Your writing stands alone. It transforms the reader and raises the question, how did you write this and how did you know that it would affect the reader?

Your fishbowl is testimony that your alchemy is a result of a habit of careful observation and reflection.

Please see Ryan Winn’s postings as one example from your fishbowls.

Sanjiv

INTERPLAY, ALCHEMY, ORIGINAL, ACCOUNT, HABIT

from the fishbowl...

ryanwinn

Posts: 30

Joined: Mon Sep 20, 2021 8:25 pm

Letters: Deconstruction

Fri Oct 08, 2021 3:34 pm

9/26

Quote: "The fishbowl is not about ‘catching-up’ but ‘jumping-in.’ This requires you to 'jump-start' a failing battery"

Deconstruction: Fishbowl is about channeling our inner thoughts and putting them to words. Fishbowl shouldn't feel like a task but rather a getaway to express ourselves. Therefore, it is important to keep up and 'dive in' to Fishbowl rather than fall behind and make it feel like an annoying task. Jump-starting the battery is the first step to getting a consistent flow with Fishbowl.

9/27

Quote "Along the same vein, to create a society, we must first examine our intentions. If the motivation for action in the fishbowl does not transcend the desire for a high grade, the quality of the results will be inferior."

Deconstruction: We must realize what Fishbowl is and why it is worth our time to put in the effort. Without the motivation and will for a high grade, Fishbowl will become of little importance and receive half-ass effort. By aiming high and striving for greatness, Fishbowl will become a lot easier and fluent resulting in a high grade.

9/28

Quote: "Copying is an essential part of being human because without copying we cannot understand ourselves or the world we live in."

Deconstruction: Copying happens everyday and everywhere as it is an essential and important part of life. Some may call it copying but I view it as 'guidance'. By "copying" you're learning and interpreting someone else's information and using it to expand your knowledge. Copying allows us to generate answers or views that we support as it may be too difficult for one to put it in their own words.

9/29

Quote: "Applied in this manner, metaphor exerts a formative influence on how we think, how we see, and how we express ourselves on a day-to-day basis."

Deconstruction: By utilizing, applying, and understanding metaphors in our daily lives, it broadens our perspective on particular views. It can alter the way one may view or think of a particular thing or situation. Utilizing metaphors can give someone an imagination they've never seen before.

10/1

Quote: "The fishbowl, simply, is somewhere where fact and imagination fuse."

Deconstruction: Fishbowl can be thought as a free-roaming world for our minds to escape and express our opinions and feelings. It allows us to communicate and view other people's imaginations and personal feelings and standpoints. With no set rules, we can expand our knowledge and vocabulary and utilize copying to a certain extent to help express ourselves in ways we couldn't do it ourselves.

10/2

Quote: "Skills that connect elements (words) from various fragments to form a structure that is a cohesive whole. To create structure or unity from a variety of reflections is the individual's charge."

Deconstruction: Fishbowl is a digital structure that allows us to utilize our skills and construct abstract sentences to create a reflective community. We are in the drivers seat and control the setting and vibe of Fishbowl and our attitude will reflect that through our posts.

10/3

Quote: "We are building knowledge and a knowing, a society and a culture, among ourselves by viewing films (moving images) and sharing our reflections and process of word-image constructions."

Deconstruction: Fishbowl is becoming a community and culture and we are creating that by expressing and reflecting our point of views by watching movies, looking at images, and reading words. Whilst doing so, we are building knowledge and becoming more aware of how this community operates everyday throughout the semester. The deconstruction section allows us to break down these sentences and broaden our knowledge beyond the scope of our imagination.

10/4

Quote: "To know a culture, we have to be IMMERSED in it. It is when we begin taking things for granted; when we are immersed in those things."

Deconstruction: To be part of a culture and know it roots and purpose, you must be actively involved and interested and absorb it's inner purpose. When we become deeply involved, it may snap us out of reality and cause us to take these things for granted. It is always important to stay actively involved and stay on track to create a functioning culture.

10/5

Quote: "Stay close to words. Immerse yourself and engage with them. Replicate, reiterate, reinvent them. Develop a trajectory of thoughts. That is, structures of words."

Deconstruction: Reading is important, soaking up the information and gaining a personal understanding of sentences can broaden you point of views. By copying, replicating, and breaking down sentences in your own words, it allows you to express yourself in different ways and may make you think differently of what you thought at first. The structure of words is important but doesn't follow a particular order which allows us to say how we feel without restrictions.

10/6

Quote: "Every posting that one makes is an “event” that changes the mental landscape."

Deconstruction: Every time a post is made, a new idea or piece of information is brought upon. This expands our knowledge and ways of thinking in which creates a change of our mental landscape. One singular post can completely change the way someone thinks of a certain point of view. That's why it is important to express ourselves and keep up to date with postings to expand and better our mental landscape.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/7/2021 14:05:45
Subject: re-viewing Japanese Story
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you today? I want to step-back and wrap-up where we are thus far. The following assignment will do that, and when you are done, we can move onto the next subject matter: American values.

Please have it done within the week. It is not difficult but will require your solitude.

Please refer to section IV in your syllabus; it is posted in the fishbowl under Letters.

Please re-view the film Japanese Story keeping the following steps and approaches in mind:

1. 

You are viewing Japanese Story as an Ethnographer and a Phenomenologist.

Please google both terms and pull out One sentence that you are willing to observe yourself doing.

By so doing, you will experience being both observer and the observed. Simultaneously.

This is a key concept to understand. But you have to realize it.

2.

You have been reading and writing the following four research methodologies:

Participant Observation

Interpretivism

Symbolic Interactionism

Reflexivity

Please define each method in one sentence that makes sense to you.

You have been practicing these research methods in your fishbowls and some of you have defined some of them.

3.

Re-visit and re-view Japanese Story, keeping the above Research Methodologies in mind.

4.

Please read the section IV of your syllabus.

Sandy and Hiromitsu had no idea of the logical sequence to follow when they found themselves in a strange encounter. 

Awareness that their mental programs are different; 

having Knowledge of those differences; and 

Communicating those differences.

In a Do or Die situation, they learnt pretty fast.

The outcome is invariably a deep friendship in the field. 

A connection like no other. Something to aspire for with each Other in the fishbowl.

Please identify Sandy and Hiromitsu’s sequence of learning about their differences.

Thank you.

Sanjiv

METHOD, SIMULTANEOUS, OBSERVER, OBSERVED, SEQUENCE, ENCOUNTER, FRIENDSHIP, REALIZE, ASPIRATION

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/6/2021 21:33:07
Subject: postings as truth event
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? Most of you are 'getting the drift' (image, metaphor) of what the fishbowl is generally about, and what it entails.

It is not difficult nor complicated. It looks complex because it cannot be replicated. 

Your work is ’singular' and lives only for the moment and then it is archived. 

Please see Danman007' posting below.

What am I talking about? I've lost you!

I'm talking about the action, decision and selection it takes when making your postings.

Vocabulary, Notes, Letters, are the basic ingredients for interpretation and understanding. 

Whomsoever TAKES and MAKES NOTES, gets to go to the top.

Every posting is a fragment and an etching.

Every posting that one makes is an “event” that changes the mental landscape.

How so?

Your postings are known as "truth-events”. That is, 'the event of your posting sets-off a set of statements and discourses which are always “the truth of that particular situation.” (please google Alain Badiou)

Please think about that.

These events (that is, our postings) are landmarks and happenings; digital footprints that construct identity and position in visual space.

Please see Sara James’ and Danman’s postings as "truth-event".

Sanjiv

TRUTH, EVENT, FRAGMENT, ETCHING, SINGULAR, ENTAIL, INGREDIENT, INTERPRETATION, UNDERSTANDING

from the fishbowl...

Danman002

Posts: 37

Joined: Tue Sep 14, 2021 2:44 pm

Danman002 » Wed Oct 06, 2021 3:21 pm

At this point in time, we are beginning to engage (read and write) in the fishbowl as a daily practice (ritual).

We are developing a reading and writing strategy, and learning to deconstruct text, and experientially (by bringing in emotion), we are creating a point-of-view.

Doing vocabulary and google searches with focus and sincerity are expected from each of us. We are 'co-jointly in the making' of society and culture.

Focus on ‘words' and let intuition do the work, all for the love of society and culture.

Be a conduit for several flows of information, namely, dictionary, letters, postings, reflections, images

from the fishbowl...

sarajames

Posts: 66

Joined: Tue Feb 02, 2021 6:20 pm

Post by sarajames » Thu Sep 16, 2021 4:36 pm

"We reveal ourselves by the choices we make" 

The choices we make say something about who we are, and we can learn a lot about ourselves by simply analyzing our choices. With every choice we make, a piece of our personality comes out. In the past, it used to be that our path of life was determined by what family we happened to be born into or where we were born. But in today's world, culture allows for self-discovery, and we now get to choose who we involve ourselves with and what we do. If the choices we make say something about who we are, we can learn a lot from ourselves by simply analyzing our choices. So, reflecting on our choices is very important for self-knowledge. Choices give form to who we are and in my eyes are data for self-understanding. They can take you out of your comfort zone and give you clarity of your personality, identity, and path.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/6/2021 21:32:08
Subject: postings as truth-events
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? Most of you are 'getting the drift' (image, metaphor) of what the fishbowl is generally about, and what it entails.

It is not difficult nor complicated. It looks complex because it cannot be replicated. 

Your work is ’singular' and lives only for the moment and then it is archived. 

Please see Danman007' posting below.

What am I talking about? I've lost you!

I'm talking about the action, decision and selection it takes when making your postings.

Vocabulary, Notes, Letters, are the basic ingredients for interpretation and understanding. 

Whomsoever TAKES and MAKES NOTES, gets to go to the top.

Every posting is a fragment and an etching.

Every posting that one makes is an “event” that changes the mental landscape.

How so?

Your postings are known as "truth-events”. That is, 'the event of your posting sets-off a set of statements and discourses which are always “the truth of that particular situation.” (please google Alain Badiou)

Please think about that.

These events (that is, our postings) are landmarks and happenings; digital footprints that construct identity and position in visual space.

Please see Sara James’ and Danman’s postings as "truth-event".

Sanjiv

TRUTH, EVENT, FRAGMENT, ETCHING, SINGULAR, ENTAIL, INGREDIENT, INTERPRETATION, UNDERSTANDING

from the fishbowl...

Danman002

Posts: 37

Joined: Tue Sep 14, 2021 2:44 pm

Danman002 » Wed Oct 06, 2021 3:21 pm

At this point in time, we are beginning to engage (read and write) in the fishbowl as a daily practice (ritual).

We are developing a reading and writing strategy, and learning to deconstruct text, and experientially (by bringing in emotion), we are creating a point-of-view.

Doing vocabulary and google searches with focus and sincerity are expected from each of us. We are 'co-jointly in the making' of society and culture.

Focus on ‘words' and let intuition do the work, all for the love of society and culture.

Be a conduit for several flows of information, namely, dictionary, letters, postings, reflections, images

from the fishbowl...

sarajames

Posts: 66

Joined: Tue Feb 02, 2021 6:20 pm

Post by sarajames » Thu Sep 16, 2021 4:36 pm

"We reveal ourselves by the choices we make" 

The choices we make say something about who we are, and we can learn a lot about ourselves by simply analyzing our choices. With every choice we make, a piece of our personality comes out. In the past, it used to be that our path of life was determined by what family we happened to be born into or where we were born. But in today's world, culture allows for self-discovery, and we now get to choose who we involve ourselves with and what we do. If the choices we make say something about who we are, we can learn a lot from ourselves by simply analyzing our choices. So, reflecting on our choices is very important for self-knowledge. Choices give form to who we are and in my eyes are data for self-understanding. They can take you out of your comfort zone and give you clarity of your personality, identity, and path.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/6/2021 1:24:34
Subject: &quot;reflexivity&quot;
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. 

Haley Logue’s 'way of doing knowledge’ is an excellent example of your process of knowledge development in the fishbowl.

This 'way of doing knowledge' is known as ‘reflexivity' or reflection and it typically turns attention ‘inwards’ towards the person of the knowledge-worker (researcher). We maintain the belief that the study of suitable (well thought-out) excerpts from any reality can provide an important basis for generation of knowledge that opens up rather than closes, and furnishes opportunities for understanding rather than establishes truths.

Sanjiv

REFLEXIVITY (please google), SUITABLE, EXCERPT, WAY, DOING, KNOWLEDGE, GENERATE, UNDERSTANDING

from the fishbowl...

haleylogue

Posts: 40

Joined: Mon Sep 13, 2021 6:36 pm

Re: Letters: Deconstruction

	

Post by haleylogue » Mon Sep 27, 2021 2:15 pm

9/26 "word-image: flounder":

"I fear, you must be floundering, and so I project my imagination":

Floundering means to struggle mentally; show or feel great confusion. I think this a perfect word to describe those just starting out in the Fishbowl for the first time. I have previously never heard about this learning platform. I also was confused at first on what to write, expect, etc. Doing something new for the first time can be very scary. Some people can let fear take over and prevent them from branching out. Going to class we can address our fears and hopefully overcome them. Talking about the thing that fears us is often the best way to get over the fear. Once we overcome this fear and confusion we can succeed. We must jump into the Fishbowl whole-heartedly. We cannot hold back our thoughts and feelings. Throughout the semester, we will become more comfortable and posting in the Fishbowl will become second nature. We can just let the thoughts, opinions, feelings come through.

haleylogue

Post by haleylogue » Mon Sep 27, 2021 3:09 pm

9/27 Transcend/Transform:

"the outcome of a creative process contains the energy of our commitment to it": 

If your posts are solely meant for getting a good grade in this class, you will never succeed. Your posts will come across to the readers as forced and no longer genuine. On the other hand, if your motivation for posting is to better yourself and have an understanding of each of the letters you will succeed in this class. This class is meant to expand your vocabulary and better be able to explain your points of views. This will help you far after graduation.

haleylogue

Post by haleylogue » Fri Oct 01, 2021 12:26 pm

9/28 "In defense of copy":

Copying sometimes comes with a negative connotation. It can lead to cheating, plagiarism, etc. However, it is acceptable in this class. By copying these definitions we pick certain words, phrases, metaphors, etc. that catch our eyes and what we believe to be the best way to define these terms. Copying is a way we can understand who we are and who/what we surround ourselves with. 

Gertrude Stein: This quote is from the novel "the making of American's: being a history of a family's progress". In this book Gertrude discusses genealogy, history, as well as psychological development of the fictional characters. This quote somewhat relates to the topic of copying. It talks about repeating things to truly be able to understand something. You must talk about it, listen about it, to get the true meaning. This repetition allows you to pick up things you did not previously know. In the sense of copying, these definitions will soon stick into our minds. The repetition of some of the vocabulary words are done on purpose. We will pick up on things we did not remember of unde

haleylogue

Post by haleylogue » Fri Oct 01, 2021 12:34 pm

9/29 Metaphors and Images:

"Applied in this manner, metaphor exerts a formative influence on how we think, how we see, and how we express ourselves on a day-to-day basis": 

Metaphors are helpful when writing or speaking to help get points across. They can create images in people's heads which can help people understand the message. Many people are visual learnings. In the case of the man is a lion. Someone can imagine a lion and connect the personality trait that is being compared to the man. Metaphors can be very effective when used in the correct way.

haleylogue

Post by haleylogue » Sat Oct 02, 2021 6:10 pm

10/1 Framing the Situation:

Parag Khanna's Ted Talk: In this Ted Talk Khanna talks about how the world is connected. While we may be separated by city lines, state lines, water, etc., the power of the digital world helps keep us all in the know. We are able to learn new things from all over the world and still be in our homes. The internet is the reason for this. We are able to understand different points of views, cultures, and more. This is sort of like the Fishbowl. We all deconstruct these letters in our own ways in our own place. The Fishbowl is where we can come together and share/read all of these thoughts and feelings. We show our individualism and entrepreneurialism in each of our posts. The Fishbowl is showing our classmates our personal identity, our way of thinking. 

"So often it seems like the world is falling apart but building more connectivity is how we put humpty dumpty back together again much better than before. And by wrapping the world in such seamless physical and digital connectivity, we evolve towards a world in which people can rise above their geographic constraints. We are the cells and vessels pulsing through these global connectivity networks. We don't just build connectivity, we embody it."

haleylogue

post by haleylogue » Tue Oct 05, 2021 3:35 pm

10/2 watching movies together:

"to display our myriad-word images, we need a common agreed upon text (the script) that we individually deconstruct, and re-structure into new experiences":

In order to create a visual for us to understand, we need to take apart what we a learning and relate it back to something we know. Breaking sentences down, word by word, makes it more conceptual. This is how we can truly understand and visualize something.

haleylogue

post by haleylogue » Tue Oct 05, 2021 5:27 pm

10/3 "Reading and viewing strategy":

Strictly Ballroom is an older movie where a very talented ballroom dancer is paired up with a girl who can't dance to save her life. In the end, they end up making it to the National Championship and win. 

"a life lived in fear is a life half lived":

Fran says this to Scott while they are arguing. Scott has never danced with someone with this little of experience before. This is not the normal for him. He wants to win the championship, but believes it to be impossible with an incompetent partner. Fran tells him he is blaming this feeling of losing on fear. He should not be afraid to teach a new dance partner. If he is as good as he says he is, he should have no problem training a new partner. Living in fear stops us from living our best lives. Most of the time we are afraid of failing. But failing is how we learn - how we grow. We must fail, and then fail better the next time.

haleylogue

post by haleylogue » Tue Oct 05, 2021 5:32 pm

10/4: "Images and Structures of Words"

"to know a culture, we have to be immersed in it"

This is so true. We can think of it for those studying a language. Most of the time they end up studying abroad to fully learn the language and culture. It is not enough to simply speak, let's say Spanish, in class everyday. Traveling to Spain, you are forced to think on the fly. You don't have time to write it out or discuss with a partner what to answer. To immerse yourself in a culture is way different than learning about it in a classroom setting. You can experience for yourself first hand to what the locals of this culture do, say, eat, act, etc. The Fishbowl creates a culture. We must google the vocabulary, deconstruct the letters, and read other peoples posts. This is how we can immerse ourselves into the Fishbowl culture.

haleylogue

post by haleylogue » Tue Oct 05, 2021 5:39 pm

10/5 "on a dreary Tuesday morning" 

"develop a trajectory of thoughts": 

A trajectory is a path followed. Developing a trajectory helps guide us where are thoughts are headed. Without this we can be all over the place. This could become incoherent fast. Following the path that the words are making you feel helps guide your response to the letters.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/6/2021 1:24:00
Subject: &quot;reflexivity&quot;
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. 

Haley Logue’s 'way of doing knowledge’ is an excellent example of your process of knowledge development in the fishbowl.

This 'way of doing knowledge' is known as ‘reflexivity' or reflection and it typically turns attention ‘inwards’ towards the person of the knowledge-worker (researcher). We maintain the belief that the study of suitable (well thought-out) excerpts from any reality can provide an important basis for generation of knowledge that opens up rather than closes, and furnishes opportunities for understanding rather than establishes truths.

Sanjiv

REFLEXIVITY (please google), SUITABLE, EXCERPT, WAY, DOING, KNOWLEDGE, GENERATE, UNDERSTANDING

from the fishbowl...

haleylogue

Posts: 40

Joined: Mon Sep 13, 2021 6:36 pm

Re: Letters: Deconstruction

	

Post by haleylogue » Mon Sep 27, 2021 2:15 pm

9/26 "word-image: flounder":

"I fear, you must be floundering, and so I project my imagination":

Floundering means to struggle mentally; show or feel great confusion. I think this a perfect word to describe those just starting out in the Fishbowl for the first time. I have previously never heard about this learning platform. I also was confused at first on what to write, expect, etc. Doing something new for the first time can be very scary. Some people can let fear take over and prevent them from branching out. Going to class we can address our fears and hopefully overcome them. Talking about the thing that fears us is often the best way to get over the fear. Once we overcome this fear and confusion we can succeed. We must jump into the Fishbowl whole-heartedly. We cannot hold back our thoughts and feelings. Throughout the semester, we will become more comfortable and posting in the Fishbowl will become second nature. We can just let the thoughts, opinions, feelings come through.

haleylogue

Post by haleylogue » Mon Sep 27, 2021 3:09 pm

9/27 Transcend/Transform:

"the outcome of a creative process contains the energy of our commitment to it": 

If your posts are solely meant for getting a good grade in this class, you will never succeed. Your posts will come across to the readers as forced and no longer genuine. On the other hand, if your motivation for posting is to better yourself and have an understanding of each of the letters you will succeed in this class. This class is meant to expand your vocabulary and better be able to explain your points of views. This will help you far after graduation.

haleylogue

Post by haleylogue » Fri Oct 01, 2021 12:26 pm

9/28 "In defense of copy":

Copying sometimes comes with a negative connotation. It can lead to cheating, plagiarism, etc. However, it is acceptable in this class. By copying these definitions we pick certain words, phrases, metaphors, etc. that catch our eyes and what we believe to be the best way to define these terms. Copying is a way we can understand who we are and who/what we surround ourselves with. 

Gertrude Stein: This quote is from the novel "the making of American's: being a history of a family's progress". In this book Gertrude discusses genealogy, history, as well as psychological development of the fictional characters. This quote somewhat relates to the topic of copying. It talks about repeating things to truly be able to understand something. You must talk about it, listen about it, to get the true meaning. This repetition allows you to pick up things you did not previously know. In the sense of copying, these definitions will soon stick into our minds. The repetition of some of the vocabulary words are done on purpose. We will pick up on things we did not remember of unde

haleylogue

Post by haleylogue » Fri Oct 01, 2021 12:34 pm

9/29 Metaphors and Images:

"Applied in this manner, metaphor exerts a formative influence on how we think, how we see, and how we express ourselves on a day-to-day basis": 

Metaphors are helpful when writing or speaking to help get points across. They can create images in people's heads which can help people understand the message. Many people are visual learnings. In the case of the man is a lion. Someone can imagine a lion and connect the personality trait that is being compared to the man. Metaphors can be very effective when used in the correct way.

haleylogue

Post by haleylogue » Sat Oct 02, 2021 6:10 pm

10/1 Framing the Situation:

Parag Khanna's Ted Talk: In this Ted Talk Khanna talks about how the world is connected. While we may be separated by city lines, state lines, water, etc., the power of the digital world helps keep us all in the know. We are able to learn new things from all over the world and still be in our homes. The internet is the reason for this. We are able to understand different points of views, cultures, and more. This is sort of like the Fishbowl. We all deconstruct these letters in our own ways in our own place. The Fishbowl is where we can come together and share/read all of these thoughts and feelings. We show our individualism and entrepreneurialism in each of our posts. The Fishbowl is showing our classmates our personal identity, our way of thinking. 

"So often it seems like the world is falling apart but building more connectivity is how we put humpty dumpty back together again much better than before. And by wrapping the world in such seamless physical and digital connectivity, we evolve towards a world in which people can rise above their geographic constraints. We are the cells and vessels pulsing through these global connectivity networks. We don't just build connectivity, we embody it."

haleylogue

post by haleylogue » Tue Oct 05, 2021 3:35 pm

10/2 watching movies together:

"to display our myriad-word images, we need a common agreed upon text (the script) that we individually deconstruct, and re-structure into new experiences":

In order to create a visual for us to understand, we need to take apart what we a learning and relate it back to something we know. Breaking sentences down, word by word, makes it more conceptual. This is how we can truly understand and visualize something.

haleylogue

post by haleylogue » Tue Oct 05, 2021 5:27 pm

10/3 "Reading and viewing strategy":

Strictly Ballroom is an older movie where a very talented ballroom dancer is paired up with a girl who can't dance to save her life. In the end, they end up making it to the National Championship and win. 

"a life lived in fear is a life half lived":

Fran says this to Scott while they are arguing. Scott has never danced with someone with this little of experience before. This is not the normal for him. He wants to win the championship, but believes it to be impossible with an incompetent partner. Fran tells him he is blaming this feeling of losing on fear. He should not be afraid to teach a new dance partner. If he is as good as he says he is, he should have no problem training a new partner. Living in fear stops us from living our best lives. Most of the time we are afraid of failing. But failing is how we learn - how we grow. We must fail, and then fail better the next time.

haleylogue

post by haleylogue » Tue Oct 05, 2021 5:32 pm

10/4: "Images and Structures of Words"

"to know a culture, we have to be immersed in it"

This is so true. We can think of it for those studying a language. Most of the time they end up studying abroad to fully learn the language and culture. It is not enough to simply speak, let's say Spanish, in class everyday. Traveling to Spain, you are forced to think on the fly. You don't have time to write it out or discuss with a partner what to answer. To immerse yourself in a culture is way different than learning about it in a classroom setting. You can experience for yourself first hand to what the locals of this culture do, say, eat, act, etc. The Fishbowl creates a culture. We must google the vocabulary, deconstruct the letters, and read other peoples posts. This is how we can immerse ourselves into the Fishbowl culture.

haleylogue

post by haleylogue » Tue Oct 05, 2021 5:39 pm

10/5 "on a dreary Tuesday morning" 

"develop a trajectory of thoughts": 

A trajectory is a path followed. Developing a trajectory helps guide us where are thoughts are headed. Without this we can be all over the place. This could become incoherent fast. Following the path that the words are making you feel helps guide your response to the letters.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/5/2021 13:08:35
Subject: on a dreary Tuesday morning
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone, 

How are you this tuesday morning?

Please see Skylar SantaBarbara’s posting below.

What Skylar is talking about are structures of words. Composition, mosaic, lego, montage.

In MGT 345 and MGT448 we are ethnographers looking at ‘us,' as a Society and a Culture.

Stay close to words. Immerse yourself and engage with them. Replicate, reiterate, reinvent them. Develop a trajectory of thoughts. That is, structures of words.

We live in a textual world and we are made by language. 

Read, read, read and edit, re-edit, re-edit your own self-created and constructed sentences.

You do it one word at a time, fearlessly.

Sanjiv

ETHNOGRAPHER, US, STRUCTURE, WORD, COMPOSITION

from the fishbowl...

skylarsantabarbara

Posts: 58

Joined: Tue Sep 14, 2021 10:58 am

post by skylarsantabarbara » Tue Oct 05, 2021 12:29 am

The fishbowl develops a reading and viewing strategy that results in what is fecund and bountiful. There is no going wrong here, nor losing your path. 

We are building knowledge and a knowing, a society and a culture, among ourselves by viewing films (moving images) and sharing our reflections and process of word-image constructions

Skills that connect elements (words) from various fragments to form a structure that is a cohesive whole. 

To create structure or unity from a variety of reflections is the individual's charge

We are interested in each other. The other’s mystery. 

There are infinite selections recurring that are witnessed and experienced in the fishbowl. Soon patterns and trajectories will emerge and blaze across our mental landscapes.

The city, where most people conglomerate, same as in the fishbowl, is much too complicated a place ever to be disciplined. We are a labyrinth, an encyclopedia, an emporium, a theatre. The fishbowl, simply, is somewhere where fact and imagination fuse. It is 'subjective individualism.'

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/5/2021 13:06:36
Subject: on a dreary Tuesday morning
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone, 

How are you this tuesday morning?

Please see Skylar SantaBarbara’s posting below.

What Skylar is talking about are structures of words. Composition, mosaic, lego, montage.

In MGT 345 and MGT448 we are ethnographers looking at ‘us,' as a Society and a Culture.

Stay close to words. Immerse yourself and engage with them. Replicate, reiterate, reinvent them. Develop a trajectory of thoughts. That is, structures of words.

We live in a textual world and we are made by language. 

Read, read, read and edit, re-edit, re-edit your own self-created and constructed sentences.

You do it one word at a time, fearlessly.

Sanjiv

ETHNOGRAPHER, US, STRUCTURE, WORD, COMPOSITION

from the fishbowl...

skylarsantabarbara

Posts: 58

Joined: Tue Sep 14, 2021 10:58 am

post by skylarsantabarbara » Tue Oct 05, 2021 12:29 am

The fishbowl develops a reading and viewing strategy that results in what is fecund and bountiful. There is no going wrong here, nor losing your path. 

We are building knowledge and a knowing, a society and a culture, among ourselves by viewing films (moving images) and sharing our reflections and process of word-image constructions

Skills that connect elements (words) from various fragments to form a structure that is a cohesive whole. 

To create structure or unity from a variety of reflections is the individual's charge

We are interested in each other. The other’s mystery. 

There are infinite selections recurring that are witnessed and experienced in the fishbowl. Soon patterns and trajectories will emerge and blaze across our mental landscapes.

The city, where most people conglomerate, same as in the fishbowl, is much too complicated a place ever to be disciplined. We are a labyrinth, an encyclopedia, an emporium, a theatre. The fishbowl, simply, is somewhere where fact and imagination fuse. It is 'subjective individualism.'

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/4/2021 19:43:40
Subject: images and structures of words
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? 

To know a culture, we have to be IMMERSED in it. It is when we begin taking things for granted; when we are immersed in those things. 

We will see examples of it in a subsequent film in MGT448.

To know a society, on the other hand, we have to PARTICIPATE in it.

Don’t you think? Is it a good distinction and comparison?

Two words, immersion and participation, are the kind of things we dwell upon as knowledge-workers in a knowledge economy. 

Concepts.

Such distinctions and thoughts are necessary to sustain growth in a knowledge-economy.

You’re learning to make your own.

Yo’re learning to DISMANTLE structures of words aka SYNTAX, and re-structure them again in order to add value.

One’s re-structuring process must add value to the WHOLE.

The process SERVES the whole; the bigger picture. 

The whole can’t be seen, only imagined. 

You must do your google searches ASSIDUOUSLY. Add value to your own understanding and share it. No one is judging, but we are looking.

Looking at each other, looking at each other.

You are building Social Capital. It is digital in nature. It can make you rich. Very, very rich.

You will see that in the course of the semester.

You are works in progress. 

But you can’t eat your vegetables at the end. 

Furthermore, if you drop the ball, you can’t play the same game again.

Sanjiv

SEARCH, UNDERSTAND, PROGRESS

from the fishbowl...

nathanstpierre

Posts: 45

Joined: Mon Sep 13, 2021 6:14 pm

Re: Letters: Deconstruction- Nathan St. Pierre

	Mon Oct 04, 2021 12:13 pm

Letter 13: Metaphors and Images

"We say “life is a game.” No point in saying “life is life” because that is flat, static and meaningless"

Metaphors influence how we view and think. In this example, saying "life is life" makes me think that we have no choice what happens in our own lives. That no matter what we do in our lives, it will not matter. But in fact we do have a choice. Our decisions and actions influence the course of our futures, as do how we navigate problems and tragedies. The metaphor "life is a game" better explains this. In a game, there are a variety of things that can happen. Decisions you make, actions you take, and luck determine how the game will end and what will happen along the course of the game. Games are like life. Every time we do something: that matters. It determines what path we will take in the game of life.

nathanstpierre

 Mon Oct 04, 2021 12:26 pm

Letter 14: Framing the Situation

"Personal identity is rendered soft, fluid, endlessly open to the exercise of the will and the imagination."

People are ever-changing, never staying the same. This can be influenced by a variety of things, such as change in environment, changes of likes/dislikes, the effects of a tragedy, peer pressure, and more. Here lies the quote "Every morning we wake up is the first day of our new life." I like to say that each morning I wake up as a new, different person than I was the day before; influenced by the actions and happenings that occurred the day before. This is why personal identity is so fluid, because we are constantly learning more and more about ourselves as each day passes.

nathanstpierre

Mon Oct 04, 2021 12:46 pm

Letter 15: Watching Movies Together

"We are interested in each other. The other’s mystery."

Fishbowl is a place that we our learning to generate ideas and opinions, using what we've learned, our own experiences, and our imaginations. But fishbowl is more than that: it's also a place we learn from and about our peers. We can view what each other is posting, and this gives more insight into each person. Everyone in our class is a mystery to one another, even if we know that person. It is hard to truly get to know a person, and even if you know them well, it is impossible to know the way their brains works. These fishbowl deconstructions are giving insight into how each student's brains works and how experiences and imagination influence it.

nathanstpierre

Mon Oct 04, 2021 12:50 pm

Letter 16: Reading and Viewing Strategy

"There is no going wrong here, nor losing your path"

As we reflect on the film and our life experiences, we are sharing more about ourselves in Fishbowl. Therefore, nothing we put can be wrong or off-path. We each have our own experiences, and those experiences have influenced the people that we have become today. No one can critique or try to change our experiences, because they were not the ones who went through them: we are. Sharing these may create fear or nervousness, but sharing can be therapeutic and reflection that we may need.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/4/2021 19:43:09
Subject: images and structures of words
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? 

To know a culture, we have to be IMMERSED in it. It is when we begin taking things for granted; when we are immersed in those things. 

We will see examples of it in a subsequent film in MGT448.

To know a society, on the other hand, we have to PARTICIPATE in it.

Don’t you think? Is it a good distinction and comparison?

Two words, immersion and participation, are the kind of things we dwell upon as knowledge-workers in a knowledge economy. 

Concepts.

Such distinctions and thoughts are necessary to sustain growth in a knowledge-economy.

You’re learning to make your own.

Yo’re learning to DISMANTLE structures of words aka SYNTAX, and re-structure them again in order to add value.

One’s re-structuring process must add value to the WHOLE.

The process SERVES the whole; the bigger picture. 

The whole can’t be seen, only imagined. 

You must do your google searches ASSIDUOUSLY. Add value to your own understanding and share it. No one is judging, but we are looking.

Looking at each other, looking at each other.

You are building Social Capital. It is digital in nature. It can make you rich. Very, very rich.

You will see that in the course of the semester.

You are works in progress. 

But you can’t eat your vegetables at the end. 

Furthermore, if you drop the ball, you can’t play the same game again.

Sanjiv

SEARCH, UNDERSTAND, PROGRESS

from the fishbowl...

nathanstpierre

Posts: 45

Joined: Mon Sep 13, 2021 6:14 pm

Re: Letters: Deconstruction- Nathan St. Pierre

	Mon Oct 04, 2021 12:13 pm

Letter 13: Metaphors and Images

"We say “life is a game.” No point in saying “life is life” because that is flat, static and meaningless"

Metaphors influence how we view and think. In this example, saying "life is life" makes me think that we have no choice what happens in our own lives. That no matter what we do in our lives, it will not matter. But in fact we do have a choice. Our decisions and actions influence the course of our futures, as do how we navigate problems and tragedies. The metaphor "life is a game" better explains this. In a game, there are a variety of things that can happen. Decisions you make, actions you take, and luck determine how the game will end and what will happen along the course of the game. Games are like life. Every time we do something: that matters. It determines what path we will take in the game of life.

nathanstpierre

 Mon Oct 04, 2021 12:26 pm

Letter 14: Framing the Situation

"Personal identity is rendered soft, fluid, endlessly open to the exercise of the will and the imagination."

People are ever-changing, never staying the same. This can be influenced by a variety of things, such as change in environment, changes of likes/dislikes, the effects of a tragedy, peer pressure, and more. Here lies the quote "Every morning we wake up is the first day of our new life." I like to say that each morning I wake up as a new, different person than I was the day before; influenced by the actions and happenings that occurred the day before. This is why personal identity is so fluid, because we are constantly learning more and more about ourselves as each day passes.

nathanstpierre

Mon Oct 04, 2021 12:46 pm

Letter 15: Watching Movies Together

"We are interested in each other. The other’s mystery."

Fishbowl is a place that we our learning to generate ideas and opinions, using what we've learned, our own experiences, and our imaginations. But fishbowl is more than that: it's also a place we learn from and about our peers. We can view what each other is posting, and this gives more insight into each person. Everyone in our class is a mystery to one another, even if we know that person. It is hard to truly get to know a person, and even if you know them well, it is impossible to know the way their brains works. These fishbowl deconstructions are giving insight into how each student's brains works and how experiences and imagination influence it.

nathanstpierre

Mon Oct 04, 2021 12:50 pm

Letter 16: Reading and Viewing Strategy

"There is no going wrong here, nor losing your path"

As we reflect on the film and our life experiences, we are sharing more about ourselves in Fishbowl. Therefore, nothing we put can be wrong or off-path. We each have our own experiences, and those experiences have influenced the people that we have become today. No one can critique or try to change our experiences, because they were not the ones who went through them: we are. Sharing these may create fear or nervousness, but sharing can be therapeutic and reflection that we may need.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/24/2021 13:33:49
Subject: technologies of lived abstraction
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you today? I hope your week went well. We are formulating working definitions for, and developing an understanding of, several concepts. During the semester we will implement these concepts together as “technologies of lived abstraction.” 

Your fishbowls are presenting "transdisciplinary works that critically and creatively inquire into processes of emergence in the (digital) world today. Thought and body, abstract and concrete, local and global, individual and collective: works in the fishbowl are not content to rest with such habitual divisions (dichotomies). We are exploring how these facets come together, if only to form the movement by which they come again to differ.

Please see Henry Schmidt’s postings in this light.

Sanjiv

FORMULATE, DEVELOP, EXPLORE, CONCEPT, ABSTRACTION, TECHNOLOGY, TRANS-DISCIPLINARY, EMERGENCE, DICHOTOMY, FACET, MOVEMENT

from the fishbowl...

henryschmidt

Posts: 28

Joined: Tue Sep 14, 2021 2:43 pm

Contact: Contact henryschmidt

	

 Thu Sep 23, 2021 7:04 pm

9/15

"In this reality, which is perceptual and visual, we lead a double life"

There are rudimentary pieces that make up our everyday lives yet, we breeze past them. We are painfully aware and painfully unaware at the same time. We walk on campus everyday and see others passing us by -- the first existence of their being. We contemplate their thoughts and actions, "Where are they headed? What are they thinking about?" -- the second existence of their cognitive templates. We must always consider the philosophical and psychological.

Post by henryschmidt » Thu Sep 23, 2021 7:10 pm

9/16 

"attend to the things, then life goes smoothly"

Like my previous post, there is minutia that gets lost in the shuffle of our existence. It is imperative to bring it into our awareness. Professor makes us all consider this period of transition. Starting a new schedule; people may see this as a source of stress or strain on their lives but, we must be conscious of these things. In a way, we should appreciate the chaos. Soon enough, this period of concern melts away it all becomes an unconscious process.

Post by henryschmidt » Thu Sep 23, 2021 7:13 pm

9/17

"Adrift on the high seas and a feeling there is no relief in sight"

Imagery is a powerful tool that allows us to bring our ever changing emotions to the forefront of our thought process. Stress, uncertainty, and anxiety are overpowering and all-consuming. These feels can make people respond differently, some shut down and have a difficult time motivating themselves to move forward, some thrive in it and feel exhilarated by a challenge. There is a sense of over-functioning and under-functioning in these situations. With no end in sight it can be difficult to find a happy medium.

Post by henryschmidt » Thu Sep 23, 2021 7:20 pm

9/18 

"listen and not just hear" 

In any setting, whether it be personal or professional, we must be listeners; not just listeners, but ACTIVE listeners. People yearn for a place of understanding, where they can share and be open. For me, the connotation of "hear" connects with sharing a sentiment and then having to repeat it again later. It was clearly only heard and not listened to. We need to take this action a step further than just sitting in a space and being an auditory deposit. When truly listening, we feel the need to learn more on the topic being spoken about, ask clarifying questions, etc. There is a difference between listening to respond and listening to understand. Sharing thoughts and feelings can be a personal act, it makes us vulnerable. If we feel understood in the end, the risk is worth it.

Post by henryschmidt » Thu Sep 23, 2021 7:25 pm

9/19

"systematic reflection and cognitive structure"

We need to break down our monotony and take moments to look inward. Revisiting things we thought we knew and gaining new knowledge reinforces our understanding and broadens our field of intellect. Consistently incorporating reflection into our daily routine acts as a grounding exercise. However, it can be difficult to prioritize taking a break. Sometimes it can be hard to conceptualize its value when there is a full schedule ahead of us. There is always a to-do list: read for class, do laundry, call home, go to the gym. These are all things we deem necessary for our own success and they are scheduled into our day creating a vortex of things to keep us busy. But maybe it is time for me to schedule a moment of reflection into my schedule as well.

Post by henryschmidt » Thu Sep 23, 2021 7:29 pm

9/20 

"Interpenetration, inter-causality, inter-being"

We are all sharing an experience, just being enrolled in this course and this institution. We are all depositories of the same knowledge when we gather in our shared space each week. We all receive the same tools but, how we use those tools differ. Every person has a completely unique perspective that grants us all access to a new pool of knowledge to draw upon. The people, places, and things I have seen give me a perspective and understanding that only I can speak on, similar to every other human being. And yet, we seen interconnectivity every day.

Post by henryschmidt » Thu Sep 23, 2021 7:34 pm

9/21

"combines thought and emotion" 

All thought could include emotion and an opinion can force us to consider bias and perspective. Facts and intellectual property can be utilized to propel a certain point. When we mix these pieces of knowledge with personal sentiments and feelings we bring in a new layer to consider. Emotion is a highly human capability, it is what delineates us from other beings sentient or not. Emotion drives action and also drives response. We must celebrate emotion but also be wary of its ability to seep into every aspect our our existence.

Post by henryschmidt » Thu Sep 23, 2021 7:40 pm

9/21 

"Please take a 'look' "

In this course and in life, it is imperative to consider other perspectives. We can learn so much from other people. I find it inspiring to see what my fellow classmates are sharing about things I have considered myself. It brings a concept to life, there is more to something than a personal thought. We must research, question, ponder, research again, share. The process is not linear. These topics are open-ended in a sense. There is no clarity. Sometimes that can be difficult, leaving us with no direction but, other times it is exciting. It allows us to take something and run with it. Other perspectives change the path but many times, enhances the path leaving us in awe. Looking at other work allows our own work to improve and teaches us something new.

Post by henryschmidt » Thu Sep 23, 2021 7:46 pm

9/22 

"our i-phones become redundant"

We are in a hyper-electronic world. The influx of information is never ending. Our consciousness ebbs and flows with the stream of notifications: texts, emails, direct messages, instagram posts. The push notification has the power to grasp our awareness away from the focus we work so hard to foster. If you walk down a sidewalk on campus it is easy to spot the tops of peoples heads. Faces are a rarity. People's faces are aglow with a damaging blue light that seems to have hypnotic power. Phone calls, AirPods, text messages: all distractors from existence. I am not immune to this. The here and now is background noise.

Post by henryschmidt » Thu Sep 23, 2021 7:49 pm

9/23 

"creating point-of-view"

There is a clear delineation between what could be considered "normal" reading and writing and a more intentional strategy for reading and writing. We are considering every detail and nuance and then interpreting its impact and ability to completely change our prior understanding. It is giving us tools to be critical of the information we are consuming, whether it be from another person, our phones, or our own selves. We are forming our own consciousness, existence and overall purpose.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/24/2021 13:32:57
Subject: technologies of lived abstraction
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you today? I hope your week went well. We are formulating working definitions for, and developing an understanding of, several concepts. During the semester we will implement these concepts together as “technologies of lived abstraction.” 

Your fishbowls are presenting "transdisciplinary works that critically and creatively inquire into processes of emergence in the (digital) world today. Thought and body, abstract and concrete, local and global, individual and collective: works in the fishbowl are not content to rest with such habitual divisions (dichotomies). We are exploring how these facets come together, if only to form the movement by which they come again to differ.

Please see Henry Schmidt’s postings in this light.

Sanjiv

FORMULATE, DEVELOP, EXPLORE, CONCEPT, ABSTRACTION, TECHNOLOGY, TRANS-DISCIPLINARY, EMERGENCE, DICHOTOMY, FACET, MOVEMENT

from the fishbowl...

henryschmidt

Posts: 28

Joined: Tue Sep 14, 2021 2:43 pm

Contact: Contact henryschmidt

	

 Thu Sep 23, 2021 7:04 pm

9/15

"In this reality, which is perceptual and visual, we lead a double life"

There are rudimentary pieces that make up our everyday lives yet, we breeze past them. We are painfully aware and painfully unaware at the same time. We walk on campus everyday and see others passing us by -- the first existence of their being. We contemplate their thoughts and actions, "Where are they headed? What are they thinking about?" -- the second existence of their cognitive templates. We must always consider the philosophical and psychological.

Post by henryschmidt » Thu Sep 23, 2021 7:10 pm

9/16 

"attend to the things, then life goes smoothly"

Like my previous post, there is minutia that gets lost in the shuffle of our existence. It is imperative to bring it into our awareness. Professor makes us all consider this period of transition. Starting a new schedule; people may see this as a source of stress or strain on their lives but, we must be conscious of these things. In a way, we should appreciate the chaos. Soon enough, this period of concern melts away it all becomes an unconscious process.

Post by henryschmidt » Thu Sep 23, 2021 7:13 pm

9/17

"Adrift on the high seas and a feeling there is no relief in sight"

Imagery is a powerful tool that allows us to bring our ever changing emotions to the forefront of our thought process. Stress, uncertainty, and anxiety are overpowering and all-consuming. These feels can make people respond differently, some shut down and have a difficult time motivating themselves to move forward, some thrive in it and feel exhilarated by a challenge. There is a sense of over-functioning and under-functioning in these situations. With no end in sight it can be difficult to find a happy medium.

Post by henryschmidt » Thu Sep 23, 2021 7:20 pm

9/18 

"listen and not just hear" 

In any setting, whether it be personal or professional, we must be listeners; not just listeners, but ACTIVE listeners. People yearn for a place of understanding, where they can share and be open. For me, the connotation of "hear" connects with sharing a sentiment and then having to repeat it again later. It was clearly only heard and not listened to. We need to take this action a step further than just sitting in a space and being an auditory deposit. When truly listening, we feel the need to learn more on the topic being spoken about, ask clarifying questions, etc. There is a difference between listening to respond and listening to understand. Sharing thoughts and feelings can be a personal act, it makes us vulnerable. If we feel understood in the end, the risk is worth it.

Post by henryschmidt » Thu Sep 23, 2021 7:25 pm

9/19

"systematic reflection and cognitive structure"

We need to break down our monotony and take moments to look inward. Revisiting things we thought we knew and gaining new knowledge reinforces our understanding and broadens our field of intellect. Consistently incorporating reflection into our daily routine acts as a grounding exercise. However, it can be difficult to prioritize taking a break. Sometimes it can be hard to conceptualize its value when there is a full schedule ahead of us. There is always a to-do list: read for class, do laundry, call home, go to the gym. These are all things we deem necessary for our own success and they are scheduled into our day creating a vortex of things to keep us busy. But maybe it is time for me to schedule a moment of reflection into my schedule as well.

Post by henryschmidt » Thu Sep 23, 2021 7:29 pm

9/20 

"Interpenetration, inter-causality, inter-being"

We are all sharing an experience, just being enrolled in this course and this institution. We are all depositories of the same knowledge when we gather in our shared space each week. We all receive the same tools but, how we use those tools differ. Every person has a completely unique perspective that grants us all access to a new pool of knowledge to draw upon. The people, places, and things I have seen give me a perspective and understanding that only I can speak on, similar to every other human being. And yet, we seen interconnectivity every day.

Post by henryschmidt » Thu Sep 23, 2021 7:34 pm

9/21

"combines thought and emotion" 

All thought could include emotion and an opinion can force us to consider bias and perspective. Facts and intellectual property can be utilized to propel a certain point. When we mix these pieces of knowledge with personal sentiments and feelings we bring in a new layer to consider. Emotion is a highly human capability, it is what delineates us from other beings sentient or not. Emotion drives action and also drives response. We must celebrate emotion but also be wary of its ability to seep into every aspect our our existence.

Post by henryschmidt » Thu Sep 23, 2021 7:40 pm

9/21 

"Please take a 'look' "

In this course and in life, it is imperative to consider other perspectives. We can learn so much from other people. I find it inspiring to see what my fellow classmates are sharing about things I have considered myself. It brings a concept to life, there is more to something than a personal thought. We must research, question, ponder, research again, share. The process is not linear. These topics are open-ended in a sense. There is no clarity. Sometimes that can be difficult, leaving us with no direction but, other times it is exciting. It allows us to take something and run with it. Other perspectives change the path but many times, enhances the path leaving us in awe. Looking at other work allows our own work to improve and teaches us something new.

Post by henryschmidt » Thu Sep 23, 2021 7:46 pm

9/22 

"our i-phones become redundant"

We are in a hyper-electronic world. The influx of information is never ending. Our consciousness ebbs and flows with the stream of notifications: texts, emails, direct messages, instagram posts. The push notification has the power to grasp our awareness away from the focus we work so hard to foster. If you walk down a sidewalk on campus it is easy to spot the tops of peoples heads. Faces are a rarity. People's faces are aglow with a damaging blue light that seems to have hypnotic power. Phone calls, AirPods, text messages: all distractors from existence. I am not immune to this. The here and now is background noise.

Post by henryschmidt » Thu Sep 23, 2021 7:49 pm

9/23 

"creating point-of-view"

There is a clear delineation between what could be considered "normal" reading and writing and a more intentional strategy for reading and writing. We are considering every detail and nuance and then interpreting its impact and ability to completely change our prior understanding. It is giving us tools to be critical of the information we are consuming, whether it be from another person, our phones, or our own selves. We are forming our own consciousness, existence and overall purpose.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/23/2021 15:02:17
Subject: co-jointly in the making
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I think we are all on board (metaphor, image), with one exception. I hope he makes it! 

At this point in time, we are beginning to engage (read and write) in the fishbowl as a daily practice (ritual). 

We are developing a reading and writing strategy (in case you hadn’t noticed), and 

learning to deconstruct text (please google Jacques Derrida and Deconstruction), and 

experientially (by bringing in emotion), we are creating a point-of-view. 

Doing vocabulary and google searches with focus and sincerity are expected from each of us, including myself. We are 'co-jointly in the making' of a society and culture.

Please see Jillian Stacks postings below.

They are helpful, like most of you, if you are figuring out the fishbowl.

They make a good read, but HOW has she done them?

You can view her postings as ‘spheres of knowing'; or, ‘fragments of knowledge,’ or, ‘streams of thought-images.’

ETHEREAL, EPHEMERAL

We can view them anyway we like, but she is developing herself by following the trajectory of her own thoughts. 

You could say she is a work of art in the making.

How does she do it? 

She is a conduit for several flows of information, namely, dictionary, letters, postings, reflections, images ... all in the past, brought forth, to configure and compose, in the present?

TRAJECTORY, CONDUIT, CONFIGURE, COMPOSE, THOUGHT, MAKE

She focused on ‘words' and let her intuition do the work, all for the love of society and culture. But one day, we’ll be paying for her!

Sanjiv

FRAGMENT, FOCUS, KNOWLEDGE, KNOWING, THOUGHT-IMAGE (please google), STREAM, SPHERE, ART, MAKING, INTUITION

from the fishbowl...

jillianstack

Posts: 43

Joined: Tue Sep 14, 2021 9:19 am

Letters: Deconstruction

	Sun Sep 19, 2021 4:20 pm

Letter 9/12 

"To address the meaning of anything, we turn to the dictionary, aka the carpenter's tool-box:"

The carpenter's toolbox in this sentence refers to our main resource. The dictionary is the main resource this class will be highly utilizing, allowing us to further expand our knowledge and expertise in vocabulary.

jillianstack >> Sun Sep 19, 2021 4:53 pm

Letter 9/15 

Behind our masks, we were Eyes looking at Eyes.

Although we were all wearings masks during class, each student was observing one another. This has become the new normal in 2020-2021. 

Were you looking, or were you asleep?

Were you paying attention in class or were you simply unaware. 

You ’navigated’, like an explorer, an unknown and unchartered terrain. 

This is a new class with a new structure, we each need to take time to figure it out on our own in order to thrive in this class.

Post by jillianstack » Sun Sep 19, 2021 4:59 pm

Letter 9/16 

Reading is the focal point of the fishbowl:

Reading is the main area of focus when posting on the fishbowl. Each letter must be read thoroughly. 

In this mental space, the fishbowl, we are learning how to attend to our differences. 

All students will post different opinions on the fishbowl, which is reasonable. Differences in the meaning of a word that we selected to describe or visualize or imagine something.

Fishbowl state-of-mind

Interpret each letter in your own way, and post on the fishbowl.

Post by jillianstack » Sun Sep 19, 2021 5:16 pm

Letter 9/17

What mark, what etching do you leave?

The mark is each student going to leave on the fishbowl is based on their personal thoughts, opinions, and posts. 

To Be or not to Be?

"To be, or not to be" is the opening phrase of a soliloquy given by Prince Hamlet in the so-called "nunnery scene" of William Shakespeare's play.

How are you? 

Is there a great deal of confusion when starting the fishbowl? I feel as though the fishbowl is a learning process that each student must take advantage of.

Post by jillianstack » Sun Sep 19, 2021 5:30 pm

Letter 9/18

It is quite simple really if you listen and not just hear me.

Genuinely try to understand what Sanjiv is teaching us, instead of just hearing his words, think about them and deconstruct. 

We’re 'reading into' each other's words

We are looking at each other's posts, and understanding them, not just reading. 

Resonating heart

To continue to produce a loud, clear, deep sound for a long time

To have particular meaning or importance for someone

To affect or appeal to someone in a personal or emotional way

Post by jillianstack » Mon Sep 20, 2021 8:54 pm

Letter 9/19

"A daily practice of reflection, contemplation and meditation is a good idea"

Make sure to take advantage of the fishbowl, constantly interpreting what others say and comment on their topics. This is a place to develop your thoughts and trust the process. 

"In other words, he opened his tool box and let it lead the way"

Your toolbox is a set of activities and resources that support your mental health. Because everyone's mind and body respond differently to stress, what is effective for you may not be the same as what works for a family member or friend.

"Setting up rituals before you enter this sacred space is a way of demarcating the space. Washing dishes is a common one."

Washing dishes is a common routine that many families have. It is something that must be done. The same rules apply to the fishbowl. You must make the fishbowl a part of your routine and constantly tend to it, just like the dishes.

Post by jillianstack » Mon Sep 20, 2021 9:18 pm

Letter 9/20

"Please think about it. You are reflecting on your experience of what Sloterdijk is saying because you are learning to develop an 'opinion and a position that is authentic."

My experience with the fishbowl is very similar to what Sloterdijk is referring to when he says, "our ever-changing socio-technological environment reveals the necessity of a new conception of the human as inherently relational and spatially determined: a being in spheres."

We are constantly reading the fishbowl letters and creating our own position on them. This is extremely important for our personal growth. 

"There is no camera pointing at you, but we can see each other." 

We have to be our truest selves on this platform, unconcerned with others' thoughts and opinions on our posts. This will provide the best outcome and will allow each of us to embrace the fishbowl in our own way.

Post by jillianstack » Tue Sep 21, 2021 12:56 pm

Letter 9/21 

No one gets left behind on this boat because Eat, Read, Sleep is its daily bread. 

The fishbowl is now part of our everyday lives. We need to go about our normal routine while also logging onto the fishbowl to read others thoughts and write our own. 

We’re riding slow, waiting for the moon to show.

This is a long-term process, constantly learning as we go. Do not rush your thoughts in the fishbowl, embrace the process and learn from Professor Sanjiv's letters.

Post by jillianstack » Wed Sep 22, 2021 5:20 pm

Letter 9/21 

She can charge a price, and that is what it is about. 

This is applicable in finance, accounting and sports, indeed, everywhere text and reader interact.

Anyone can charge a price for a commodity, like supply and demand. 

Students supply others with their own knowledge and demand to have access to their peer's knowledge as well. 

It is a process of giving and taking. 

Pushing and pulling.

Post by jillianstack » Wed Sep 22, 2021 5:45 pm

Letter 9/22

"You have to sit quietly in solitude; no multi-tasking, I’m afraid."

We must sit quietly to "sail forth into an imaginary world where anything can happen." 

We are not allowed to multi-task because our attention must be set to one subject at a time. 

We are so used to multitasking in our everyday lives. 

"Our i-phones become redundant" 

We are on our Iphones so much, but I do not want to focus on how much we are personally using our technology. I would like to refer to the redundancy of technology and devices nowadays. Consumers today own laptops, desktops, tablets, televisions, e-readers, smartphones, smartwatches, smart speakers, smart displays, smart TVs, and smart everything-elses in myriad combinations. So many of these devices do the same things. There may be small differentiations in what one device can do as opposed to another, but the Venn diagram of gadget functionality in 2021 is looking more and more like a single circle all the time. For example, you might own a phone, tablet, watch, and even a television that all run Android. You might also have a Chromebook laptop that runs Android apps. The Google Assistant probably lives on all of these devices as well, ready to respond when you speak the wake word. But of course, your smart speaker does too.

"What does it mean to be reflexive?"

The definition of reflexive is thinking deeply. An example of something reflexive is a piece of art which makes the viewer ponder life. We need to be reflexive in the fishbowl. It is the best metaphor to understand the fishbowl. The fishbowl is about our ability to see our words as symbols, metaphors and images.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/23/2021 15:01:25
Subject: co-jointly in the making
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I think we are all on board (metaphor, image), with one exception. I hope he makes it! 

At this point in time, we are beginning to engage (read and write) in the fishbowl as a daily practice (ritual). 

We are developing a reading and writing strategy (in case you hadn’t noticed), and 

learning to deconstruct text (please google Jacques Derrida and Deconstruction), and 

experientially (by bringing in emotion), we are creating a point-of-view. 

Doing vocabulary and google searches with focus and sincerity are expected from each of us, including myself. We are 'co-jointly in the making' of a society and culture.

Please see Jillian Stacks postings below.

They are helpful, like most of you, if you are figuring out the fishbowl.

They make a good read, but HOW has she done them?

You can view her postings as ‘spheres of knowing'; or, ‘fragments of knowledge,’ or, ‘streams of thought-images.’

ETHEREAL, EPHEMERAL

We can view them anyway we like, but she is developing herself by following the trajectory of her own thoughts. 

You could say she is a work of art in the making.

How does she do it? 

She is a conduit for several flows of information, namely, dictionary, letters, postings, reflections, images ... all in the past, brought forth, to configure and compose, in the present?

TRAJECTORY, CONDUIT, CONFIGURE, COMPOSE, THOUGHT, MAKE

She focused on ‘words' and let her intuition do the work, all for the love of society and culture. But one day, we’ll be paying for her!

Sanjiv

FRAGMENT, FOCUS, KNOWLEDGE, KNOWING, THOUGHT-IMAGE (please google), STREAM, SPHERE, ART, MAKING, INTUITION

from the fishbowl...

jillianstack

Posts: 43

Joined: Tue Sep 14, 2021 9:19 am

Letters: Deconstruction

	Sun Sep 19, 2021 4:20 pm

Letter 9/12 

"To address the meaning of anything, we turn to the dictionary, aka the carpenter's tool-box:"

The carpenter's toolbox in this sentence refers to our main resource. The dictionary is the main resource this class will be highly utilizing, allowing us to further expand our knowledge and expertise in vocabulary.

jillianstack >> Sun Sep 19, 2021 4:53 pm

Letter 9/15 

Behind our masks, we were Eyes looking at Eyes.

Although we were all wearings masks during class, each student was observing one another. This has become the new normal in 2020-2021. 

Were you looking, or were you asleep?

Were you paying attention in class or were you simply unaware. 

You ’navigated’, like an explorer, an unknown and unchartered terrain. 

This is a new class with a new structure, we each need to take time to figure it out on our own in order to thrive in this class.

Post by jillianstack » Sun Sep 19, 2021 4:59 pm

Letter 9/16 

Reading is the focal point of the fishbowl:

Reading is the main area of focus when posting on the fishbowl. Each letter must be read thoroughly. 

In this mental space, the fishbowl, we are learning how to attend to our differences. 

All students will post different opinions on the fishbowl, which is reasonable. Differences in the meaning of a word that we selected to describe or visualize or imagine something.

Fishbowl state-of-mind

Interpret each letter in your own way, and post on the fishbowl.

Post by jillianstack » Sun Sep 19, 2021 5:16 pm

Letter 9/17

What mark, what etching do you leave?

The mark is each student going to leave on the fishbowl is based on their personal thoughts, opinions, and posts. 

To Be or not to Be?

"To be, or not to be" is the opening phrase of a soliloquy given by Prince Hamlet in the so-called "nunnery scene" of William Shakespeare's play.

How are you? 

Is there a great deal of confusion when starting the fishbowl? I feel as though the fishbowl is a learning process that each student must take advantage of.

Post by jillianstack » Sun Sep 19, 2021 5:30 pm

Letter 9/18

It is quite simple really if you listen and not just hear me.

Genuinely try to understand what Sanjiv is teaching us, instead of just hearing his words, think about them and deconstruct. 

We’re 'reading into' each other's words

We are looking at each other's posts, and understanding them, not just reading. 

Resonating heart

To continue to produce a loud, clear, deep sound for a long time

To have particular meaning or importance for someone

To affect or appeal to someone in a personal or emotional way

Post by jillianstack » Mon Sep 20, 2021 8:54 pm

Letter 9/19

"A daily practice of reflection, contemplation and meditation is a good idea"

Make sure to take advantage of the fishbowl, constantly interpreting what others say and comment on their topics. This is a place to develop your thoughts and trust the process. 

"In other words, he opened his tool box and let it lead the way"

Your toolbox is a set of activities and resources that support your mental health. Because everyone's mind and body respond differently to stress, what is effective for you may not be the same as what works for a family member or friend.

"Setting up rituals before you enter this sacred space is a way of demarcating the space. Washing dishes is a common one."

Washing dishes is a common routine that many families have. It is something that must be done. The same rules apply to the fishbowl. You must make the fishbowl a part of your routine and constantly tend to it, just like the dishes.

Post by jillianstack » Mon Sep 20, 2021 9:18 pm

Letter 9/20

"Please think about it. You are reflecting on your experience of what Sloterdijk is saying because you are learning to develop an 'opinion and a position that is authentic."

My experience with the fishbowl is very similar to what Sloterdijk is referring to when he says, "our ever-changing socio-technological environment reveals the necessity of a new conception of the human as inherently relational and spatially determined: a being in spheres."

We are constantly reading the fishbowl letters and creating our own position on them. This is extremely important for our personal growth. 

"There is no camera pointing at you, but we can see each other." 

We have to be our truest selves on this platform, unconcerned with others' thoughts and opinions on our posts. This will provide the best outcome and will allow each of us to embrace the fishbowl in our own way.

Post by jillianstack » Tue Sep 21, 2021 12:56 pm

Letter 9/21 

No one gets left behind on this boat because Eat, Read, Sleep is its daily bread. 

The fishbowl is now part of our everyday lives. We need to go about our normal routine while also logging onto the fishbowl to read others thoughts and write our own. 

We’re riding slow, waiting for the moon to show.

This is a long-term process, constantly learning as we go. Do not rush your thoughts in the fishbowl, embrace the process and learn from Professor Sanjiv's letters.

Post by jillianstack » Wed Sep 22, 2021 5:20 pm

Letter 9/21 

She can charge a price, and that is what it is about. 

This is applicable in finance, accounting and sports, indeed, everywhere text and reader interact.

Anyone can charge a price for a commodity, like supply and demand. 

Students supply others with their own knowledge and demand to have access to their peer's knowledge as well. 

It is a process of giving and taking. 

Pushing and pulling.

Post by jillianstack » Wed Sep 22, 2021 5:45 pm

Letter 9/22

"You have to sit quietly in solitude; no multi-tasking, I’m afraid."

We must sit quietly to "sail forth into an imaginary world where anything can happen." 

We are not allowed to multi-task because our attention must be set to one subject at a time. 

We are so used to multitasking in our everyday lives. 

"Our i-phones become redundant" 

We are on our Iphones so much, but I do not want to focus on how much we are personally using our technology. I would like to refer to the redundancy of technology and devices nowadays. Consumers today own laptops, desktops, tablets, televisions, e-readers, smartphones, smartwatches, smart speakers, smart displays, smart TVs, and smart everything-elses in myriad combinations. So many of these devices do the same things. There may be small differentiations in what one device can do as opposed to another, but the Venn diagram of gadget functionality in 2021 is looking more and more like a single circle all the time. For example, you might own a phone, tablet, watch, and even a television that all run Android. You might also have a Chromebook laptop that runs Android apps. The Google Assistant probably lives on all of these devices as well, ready to respond when you speak the wake word. But of course, your smart speaker does too.

"What does it mean to be reflexive?"

The definition of reflexive is thinking deeply. An example of something reflexive is a piece of art which makes the viewer ponder life. We need to be reflexive in the fishbowl. It is the best metaphor to understand the fishbowl. The fishbowl is about our ability to see our words as symbols, metaphors and images.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/22/2021 14:40:32
Subject: overcoming fear of nothingness through reflexive action
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you today? I hope you are well.

It is the individual's ‘learning’ that interests us in the fishbowl. 

What are you learning and realizing, and how are you doing so?

LEARN, REALIZE, FUNDAMENTAL, QUESTION, SOLITUDE, REDUNDANT, RECLAIM, EXPANSE

To answer such fundamental and persistent questions, you have to be “reflexive.” 

You have to sit quietly in solitude; no multi-tasking, I’m afraid. 

Our i-phones become redundant and we reclaim the expanse of our imagination. I’ve begun leaving this device behind, so I can sail forth into an imaginary world where anything can happen. Please google Never Ending Story. It is the best metaphor to understand the fishbowl. In the fishbowl, we are a world of symbols, metaphors and images. Our fear is Nothingness. The fishbowl is about our ability to see our words as symbols, metaphors and images.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHytjEj7B9g

The Upshot: we can’t survive without constructing imaginary realities consisting of symbols, metaphors and images. One brick at a time. Now that is a symbol, a metaphor and an image!

II.

What does it mean to be reflexive? Reflexivity is the process of reflecting on yourself the researcher, to provide more effective and impartial analysis. It involves examining and consciously acknowledging the assumptions and preconceptions you bring into the research and that therefore shape the outcome. None of us are detached, objective observers. The definition of reflexive is thinking deeply. It is a grammatical structure where the subject and object are the same person or thing and the verb is directed back at the subject.

Reflexive words show that the person who does the action of posting in the fishbowl is also the person who is affected by it: In the sentence "She prides herself on doing a good job," "prides" is a reflexive verb and "herself" is a reflexive pronoun.

Reflexive pronouns are words like myself, yourself, himself, herself, itself, ourselves, yourselves and themselves. They refer back to a person or thing. We often use reflexive pronouns when the subject and the object of a verb are the same.

Sanjiv

ASSUMPTION, PRECONCEPTION, IMPARTIAL,

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/22/2021 14:39:36
Subject: overcoming fear of nothingness through reflexive action
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you today? I hope you are well.

It is the individual's ‘learning’ that interests us in the fishbowl. 

What are you learning and realizing, and how are you doing so?

LEARN, REALIZE, FUNDAMENTAL, QUESTION, SOLITUDE, REDUNDANT, RECLAIM, EXPANSE

To answer such fundamental and persistent questions, you have to be “reflexive.” 

You have to sit quietly in solitude; no multi-tasking, I’m afraid. 

Our i-phones become redundant and we reclaim the expanse of our imagination. I’ve begun leaving this device behind, so I can sail forth into an imaginary world where anything can happen. Please google Never Ending Story. It is the best metaphor to understand the fishbowl. In the fishbowl, we are a world of symbols, metaphors and images. Our fear is Nothingness. The fishbowl is about our ability to see our words as symbols, metaphors and images.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHytjEj7B9g

The Upshot: we can’t survive without constructing imaginary realities consisting of symbols, metaphors and images. One brick at a time. Now that is a symbol, a metaphor and an image!

II.

What does it mean to be reflexive? Reflexivity is the process of reflecting on yourself the researcher, to provide more effective and impartial analysis. It involves examining and consciously acknowledging the assumptions and preconceptions you bring into the research and that therefore shape the outcome. None of us are detached, objective observers. The definition of reflexive is thinking deeply. It is a grammatical structure where the subject and object are the same person or thing and the verb is directed back at the subject.

Reflexive words show that the person who does the action of posting in the fishbowl is also the person who is affected by it: In the sentence "She prides herself on doing a good job," "prides" is a reflexive verb and "herself" is a reflexive pronoun.

Reflexive pronouns are words like myself, yourself, himself, herself, itself, ourselves, yourselves and themselves. They refer back to a person or thing. We often use reflexive pronouns when the subject and the object of a verb are the same.

Sanjiv

ASSUMPTION, PRECONCEPTION, IMPARTIAL,

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/21/2021 23:45:06
Subject: aesthetic response
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well.

Please see an example of what is known as an ‘Aesthetic Response’ (please google the term) in Emily Youngs’ reflection below.

Emily Youngs’ aesthetic response is to be analyzed in terms of a dialectic relationship between text, reader, and their interaction. It is called aesthetic response because, although it is brought about by the text, it brings into play the imaginative and perceptive faculties of the reader (emily youngs), in order to make her adjust and even differentiate her own focus. She combines thought and emotion.

She is constructing meaning and an understanding for herself in the awareness that others can access and read it, and thus there is no right or wrong. She can charge a price, and that is what it is about. This is applicable in finance, accounting and sports, indeed, everywhere text and reader interact.

Sanjiv

ANALYZE, DIALECTIC, INTERACT, IMAGINATIVE, PERCEPTIVE, ADJUST, DIFFERENTIATE, FOCUS, THOUGHT, EMOTION

from the fishbowl...

emilyyoungs

Posts: 2

Joined: Tue Sep 14, 2021 8:58 am

Letters: Deconstruction

	 Tue Sep 21, 2021 5:13 pm

Letter: systematic reflection and cognitive structures

The name of the letter "Systematic reflection and cognitive structures" captured my interest immediately. It almost sums up exactly what we are trying to do here in the fishbowl.

Beginning with "systematic", the American Heritage dictionary has a few definitions for this word. However, the meaning that I liked the most was that systematic can be defined as "methodical". The term "reflection" has the meaning of a manifestation or result. The first two words together define our posts here in the fishbowl. They are the result of our methodicalness. Methodicaness is a word that is defined in the American Heritage dictionary, essentially meaning our normal orderly habits. 

Moving on to the latter half of the title of the letter, "cognition" is our entire mental process and awareness. Our cognition is the most crucial factor involved in the fishbowl. Without our cognition we have nothing. The fishbowl is a place to even further strengthen our cognition and get it moving. 

"Structures" are the way parts of a whole are arranged to complete the entire "whole", in this case the whole being a metaphor for our whole being.

I find the title, as a whole, to be a metaphor for the base of our experiences here in the fishbowl. 

We are a methodical result of the way in which our own mental processes, thoughts, emotions and knowledge are arranged to form our complex whole being.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/21/2021 23:44:32
Subject: aesthetic response
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well.

Please see an example of what is known as an ‘Aesthetic Response’ (please google the term) in Emily Youngs’ reflection below.

Emily Youngs’ aesthetic response is to be analyzed in terms of a dialectic relationship between text, reader, and their interaction. It is called aesthetic response because, although it is brought about by the text, it brings into play the imaginative and perceptive faculties of the reader (emily youngs), in order to make her adjust and even differentiate her own focus. She combines thought and emotion.

She is constructing meaning and an understanding for herself in the awareness that others can access and read it, and thus there is no right or wrong. She can charge a price, and that is what it is about. This is applicable in finance, accounting and sports, indeed, everywhere text and reader interact.

Sanjiv

ANALYZE, DIALECTIC, INTERACT, IMAGINATIVE, PERCEPTIVE, ADJUST, DIFFERENTIATE, FOCUS, THOUGHT, EMOTION

from the fishbowl...

emilyyoungs

Posts: 2

Joined: Tue Sep 14, 2021 8:58 am

Letters: Deconstruction

	 Tue Sep 21, 2021 5:13 pm

Letter: systematic reflection and cognitive structures

The name of the letter "Systematic reflection and cognitive structures" captured my interest immediately. It almost sums up exactly what we are trying to do here in the fishbowl.

Beginning with "systematic", the American Heritage dictionary has a few definitions for this word. However, the meaning that I liked the most was that systematic can be defined as "methodical". The term "reflection" has the meaning of a manifestation or result. The first two words together define our posts here in the fishbowl. They are the result of our methodicalness. Methodicaness is a word that is defined in the American Heritage dictionary, essentially meaning our normal orderly habits. 

Moving on to the latter half of the title of the letter, "cognition" is our entire mental process and awareness. Our cognition is the most crucial factor involved in the fishbowl. Without our cognition we have nothing. The fishbowl is a place to even further strengthen our cognition and get it moving. 

"Structures" are the way parts of a whole are arranged to complete the entire "whole", in this case the whole being a metaphor for our whole being.

I find the title, as a whole, to be a metaphor for the base of our experiences here in the fishbowl. 

We are a methodical result of the way in which our own mental processes, thoughts, emotions and knowledge are arranged to form our complex whole being.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/21/2021 11:51:46
Subject: images
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this tuesday morning? I am very conscious of the feeling among some of you, that will border on fright. I promise to always keep you in mind. No one gets left behind on this boat because Eat, Read, Sleep is its daily bread. We’re riding slow, waiting for the moon to show.

Please take a ‘look' at what different people are saying in the fishbowl about the same thing: 

Arturo Ortega from the College of Business, URI and 

Luce Irigaray in her book Sharing the World and 

Peter Sloterdijk in his Spheres trilogy. 

from the fishbowl...

arturoortega

Posts: 6

Joined: Tue Sep 14, 2021 11:25 am

Letters: deconstruction

	

Post by arturoortega » Tue Sep 21, 2021 1:50 am

09/20/2021

"a being in spheres."

We are actors within the social circles which we choose and do not choose to be a part of. These spheres however, overlap into each other, and those overlapping spheres overlap other spheres. In this way some portion of us is always carried out sphere to sphere regardless of how we may be perceived in each. 

In the context of this class we are each crafting a persona through our fishbowl posts. The goal and the perpetuity of that persona, or lack thereof, being known only to us within our own personal sphere. 

Theres a type of code switching which happens within my own being where the "me" that I am at home is different from the "me" that I am at school with my friends, and the "me" that I am with my friends is different from the "me" that I am with my professors.

Even within the role of a friend, the actor which I embody differentiates himself depending on the audience, creating different performances between different spheres.

But what happens in the event that multiple social "spheres" are in the same audience?

Well, it's almost like an actor who was hiding among the audience has stood from his seat and revealed himself, reciting line by line from memory there in the middle of the audience. After a few carefully delivered verses the actor proceeds to the stage and is forced to walk down the aisle, across the stage, and perform. Which role the actor wants to deliver is entirely up to him. However, now within the audience there are those left wondering whether they missed something, those wondering whether they are now part of the act, and those who are there to just sit back and enjoy the performance.

This notion is not limited to the performance we put on as a friend. This notion is true across every sphere. We have to prepare to pick a role and which audience to perform it for.

From Luce Irigaray, Sharing the World (p.9)

To Venture Upon the Path

If in ourselves, in our dwelling, space and spacing must be safeguarded and cultivated, the arrival at the borders of ourselves, of our world, opens out onto new places that are still virgin or to be cleared. We can venture into them alone and try to appropriate them, to make them our own. But if the threshold has been built with the intention of meeting with the other, there is no doubt that, beyond this threshold, his or her call will join our own, paving new paths in the spaces opened.

Images

Sent from my iPhone

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/21/2021 11:50:02
Subject: images
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this tuesday morning? I am very conscious of the feeling among some of you, that will border on fright. I promise to always keep you in mind. No one gets left behind on this boat because Eat, Read, Sleep is its daily bread. We’re riding slow, waiting for the moon to show.

Please take a ‘look' at what different people are saying in the fishbowl about the same thing: 

Arturo Ortega from the College of Business, URI and 

Luce Irigaray in her book Sharing the World and 

Peter Sloterdijk in his Spheres trilogy. 

from the fishbowl...

arturoortega

Posts: 6

Joined: Tue Sep 14, 2021 11:25 am

Letters: deconstruction

	

Post by arturoortega » Tue Sep 21, 2021 1:50 am

09/20/2021

"a being in spheres."

We are actors within the social circles which we choose and do not choose to be a part of. These spheres however, overlap into each other, and those overlapping spheres overlap other spheres. In this way some portion of us is always carried out sphere to sphere regardless of how we may be perceived in each. 

In the context of this class we are each crafting a persona through our fishbowl posts. The goal and the perpetuity of that persona, or lack thereof, being known only to us within our own personal sphere. 

Theres a type of code switching which happens within my own being where the "me" that I am at home is different from the "me" that I am at school with my friends, and the "me" that I am with my friends is different from the "me" that I am with my professors.

Even within the role of a friend, the actor which I embody differentiates himself depending on the audience, creating different performances between different spheres.

But what happens in the event that multiple social "spheres" are in the same audience?

Well, it's almost like an actor who was hiding among the audience has stood from his seat and revealed himself, reciting line by line from memory there in the middle of the audience. After a few carefully delivered verses the actor proceeds to the stage and is forced to walk down the aisle, across the stage, and perform. Which role the actor wants to deliver is entirely up to him. However, now within the audience there are those left wondering whether they missed something, those wondering whether they are now part of the act, and those who are there to just sit back and enjoy the performance.

This notion is not limited to the performance we put on as a friend. This notion is true across every sphere. We have to prepare to pick a role and which audience to perform it for.

From Luce Irigaray, Sharing the World (p.9)

To Venture Upon the Path

If in ourselves, in our dwelling, space and spacing must be safeguarded and cultivated, the arrival at the borders of ourselves, of our world, opens out onto new places that are still virgin or to be cleared. We can venture into them alone and try to appropriate them, to make them our own. But if the threshold has been built with the intention of meeting with the other, there is no doubt that, beyond this threshold, his or her call will join our own, paving new paths in the spaces opened.

Images

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/20/2021 13:17:50
Subject: relational and spatially determined conception of the human
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this monday morning? I hope you are keeping well.

According to Peter Sloterdijk (please google) "our ever-changing socio-technological environment (fishbowl and brightspace) reveals the necessity of a new conception of the human as inherently relational and spatially determined: a being in spheres."

Please think about it. You are reflecting on your experience of what Sloterdijk is saying, because you are learning to develop an 'opinion and a position' that is authentic. There is no camera pointing at you, but we can see each other. For, the fishbowl is a room of mirrors in which we are experiencing the well known concept of Indra’s Jewel Net (please google). We are in a reality where even silence speaks. How so? Postings aside, your fishbowls illustrate the "interpenetration, inter-causality, and inter-being” within each of us. Please verify this. The metaphor of Indra’s Net illustrates the interpenetration (mixing and merging) of all phenomena.

Ultimately and unavoidably, we want (desire) to turn our self-knowledge (opinion and position) and global awareness (experience) into an advantage for our business, our projects, our art work in theatre, painting, music, and sports. We are both, pragmatic and poetic at heart. Like Spiderman and WonderWoman (images)

Sanjiv

AWARE, EXPERIENCE, INHERENT, RELATIONAL, SPATIAL, DETERMINE, BEING, HUMAN, CONCEPTION, SPHERE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/20/2021 13:16:02
Subject: relational and spatially determined conception of the human
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this monday morning? I hope you are keeping well.

According to Peter Sloterdijk (please google) "our ever-changing socio-technological environment (fishbowl and brightspace) reveals the necessity of a new conception of the human as inherently relational and spatially determined: a being in spheres."

Please think about it. You are reflecting on your experience of what Sloterdijk is saying, because you are learning to develop an 'opinion and a position' that is authentic. There is no camera pointing at you, but we can see each other. For, the fishbowl is a room of mirrors in which we are experiencing the well known concept of Indra’s Jewel Net (please google). We are in a reality where even silence speaks. How so? Postings aside, your fishbowls illustrate the "interpenetration, inter-causality, and inter-being” within each of us. Please verify this. The metaphor of Indra’s Net illustrates the interpenetration (mixing and merging) of all phenomena.

Ultimately and unavoidably, we want (desire) to turn our self-knowledge (opinion and position) and global awareness (experience) into an advantage for our business, our projects, our art work in theatre, painting, music, and sports. We are both, pragmatic and poetic at heart. Like Spiderman and WonderWoman (images)

Sanjiv

AWARE, EXPERIENCE, INHERENT, RELATIONAL, SPATIAL, DETERMINE, BEING, HUMAN, CONCEPTION, SPHERE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/20/2021 3:00:51
Subject: systematic reflection and cognitive structures
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? The majority have made contact in the fishbowl. 

A daily practice of reflection, contemplation and meditation is a good idea. 

Please carve out a special time; known as 'sacred space' in every culture and society. 

Setting up rituals before you enter this sacred space is a way of demarcating the space. Washing dishes is a common one.

Please see Jean Cazeau’s postings below. WHAT did he do and HOW did he do it?

Through systematic reflection, he sought to determine the essential properties and structures of his experience. You could say, his reflection on his experience is a medium for conceptual creation. In other words, he opened his tool box and let it lead the way. And as his thoughts began to emerge he attended to them.

Sanjiv

REFLECTION, CONTEMPLATION, MEDITATION, SACRED, SPACE, RITUAL, DEMARCATE, EXPERIENCE, STRUCTURE, CREATION, CONCEPTUAL

from the fishbowl...systematic reflection and cognitive structures

jeancazeau

Posts: 6

Joined: Mon Sep 13, 2021 6:26 pm

Deconstructing letters

 Fri Sep 17, 2021 7:37 pm

Re-arranging chairs:

I chose this phrase because it tells a story. Every good story must be accompanied with sensory details that allows the reader to see something without using their eyes; smell something without using their nose; and hear sounds without using their ears. Re-arranging chairs is a great metaphor for what needed to be done to make learning seamless for everyone in these two classes. Here is how I would bread down the phrase. 

“Re” can be synonymous to the word again or anew. 

“Arranging” is the process of organizing and putting in a particular order. 

and, while “chairs”, on the surface might mean an object that allows people to sit, contextually however, I would describe as our very lives in the moment in time. 

This compound phrase made up of these three words, together, describes this progressive time we’re currently living in where we constantly have to adjust to currently condition and adapt to our environment. We've all had to do some chair re-arrangements this past 18 months whether we wanted to or nor. I am grateful for this rearrangement, as it allowed me to get a sit in this class, and after the first week, I realized that my success in this class, and in life for that matter, requires constant rearrangements on my part so I’m not left behind. The reason is because the world around me is not static but rather it’s progressive and we must re-arrange constantly to keep up.

jeancazeau

Posts: 6

Joined: Mon Sep 13, 2021 6:26 pm

Deconstructing letters

	Sun Sep 19, 2021 9:57 pm

Perceive:

Our first meeting on Tuesday was a fairly standard one. It was a class full of students with one professor giving a lecture. Most students were taking notes, taking heed to the Chinese proverb “a short pencil is better than a long memory”. We were all attentive at least from my perspectives. The professor had a captive audience and his performance was not short of that of a professional. He alerted us that at some point we’d be so focused on what we’re working on that someone could walk in that class and feel something brewing in the atmosphere without us uttering a word. 

In fact, I witnessed exactly that. I felt that tension on Tuesday afternoon. Albeit, I could not immediately identify what it was at that moment. I realized later what I was observing. As the professor elegantly spoke, it was no longer what he was saying that captivated me. It was my perception of what he was saying that kept my interests. I suddenly became aware of what was happening. It was the beginning of something special. My eyes saw more than I intended too. I came for a class, rather I saw anonymous travelers, all with a different trajectory in life, meeting at one point in time and space. Many of us will never physically see one another again. Even if by chance we did cross paths, the masks would have kept our identity concealed. Yet, despite our differences, I felt that our focus was singular. With that type of unity, comes power - the power to accomplish great things. We have a unique opportunity to create something that does not yet exist. In fact, whatever it is that we are going to create cannot be created by anyone else but us. Our uniqueness will be the special ingredient needed for success. So, I’m excited for what is to come.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/20/2021 3:00:18
Subject: systematic reflection and cognitive structures
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? The majority have made contact in the fishbowl. 

A daily practice of reflection, contemplation and meditation is a good idea. 

Please carve out a special time; known as 'sacred space' in every culture and society. 

Setting up rituals before you enter this sacred space is a way of demarcating the space. Washing dishes is a common one.

Please see Jean Cazeau’s postings below. WHAT did he do and HOW did he do it?

Through systematic reflection, he sought to determine the essential properties and structures of his experience. You could say, his reflection on his experience is a medium for conceptual creation. In other words, he opened his tool box and let it lead the way. And as his thoughts began to emerge he attended to them.

Sanjiv

REFLECTION, CONTEMPLATION, MEDITATION, SACRED, SPACE, RITUAL, DEMARCATE, EXPERIENCE, STRUCTURE, CREATION, CONCEPTUAL

from the fishbowl...systematic reflection and cognitive structures

jeancazeau

Posts: 6

Joined: Mon Sep 13, 2021 6:26 pm

Deconstructing letters

 Fri Sep 17, 2021 7:37 pm

Re-arranging chairs:

I chose this phrase because it tells a story. Every good story must be accompanied with sensory details that allows the reader to see something without using their eyes; smell something without using their nose; and hear sounds without using their ears. Re-arranging chairs is a great metaphor for what needed to be done to make learning seamless for everyone in these two classes. Here is how I would bread down the phrase. 

“Re” can be synonymous to the word again or anew. 

“Arranging” is the process of organizing and putting in a particular order. 

and, while “chairs”, on the surface might mean an object that allows people to sit, contextually however, I would describe as our very lives in the moment in time. 

This compound phrase made up of these three words, together, describes this progressive time we’re currently living in where we constantly have to adjust to currently condition and adapt to our environment. We've all had to do some chair re-arrangements this past 18 months whether we wanted to or nor. I am grateful for this rearrangement, as it allowed me to get a sit in this class, and after the first week, I realized that my success in this class, and in life for that matter, requires constant rearrangements on my part so I’m not left behind. The reason is because the world around me is not static but rather it’s progressive and we must re-arrange constantly to keep up.

jeancazeau

Posts: 6

Joined: Mon Sep 13, 2021 6:26 pm

Deconstructing letters

	Sun Sep 19, 2021 9:57 pm

Perceive:

Our first meeting on Tuesday was a fairly standard one. It was a class full of students with one professor giving a lecture. Most students were taking notes, taking heed to the Chinese proverb “a short pencil is better than a long memory”. We were all attentive at least from my perspectives. The professor had a captive audience and his performance was not short of that of a professional. He alerted us that at some point we’d be so focused on what we’re working on that someone could walk in that class and feel something brewing in the atmosphere without us uttering a word. 

In fact, I witnessed exactly that. I felt that tension on Tuesday afternoon. Albeit, I could not immediately identify what it was at that moment. I realized later what I was observing. As the professor elegantly spoke, it was no longer what he was saying that captivated me. It was my perception of what he was saying that kept my interests. I suddenly became aware of what was happening. It was the beginning of something special. My eyes saw more than I intended too. I came for a class, rather I saw anonymous travelers, all with a different trajectory in life, meeting at one point in time and space. Many of us will never physically see one another again. Even if by chance we did cross paths, the masks would have kept our identity concealed. Yet, despite our differences, I felt that our focus was singular. With that type of unity, comes power - the power to accomplish great things. We have a unique opportunity to create something that does not yet exist. In fact, whatever it is that we are going to create cannot be created by anyone else but us. Our uniqueness will be the special ingredient needed for success. So, I’m excited for what is to come.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/18/2021 13:22:30
Subject: fishbowl process in a nutshell (metaphor, image)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Please see Colin Staples post below. I am using it as an example, to get across what each one of us is doing, including myself. 

It is quite simple really, if you listen and not just hear me. 

Broadly speaking, all semester, we’re 'reading into' each others words and, no one can tell you what to say and do.

HOW did Staples write such a text (Fishbowl, fall 21) is the question, and how should a reader RESPOND to it?

First step: he presents two phrases that he selected because it challenged his frame of mind; his thinking. 

Fearlessly, he will see where it will lead; the TRAJECTORY of his THOUGHTS.

Second step: How to understand the CONTEXT?

With tool-box (American Heritage Dictionary in hand, he explores the ELEMENTS, i.e., the words in the selected phrases.

He TRANSCRIBES precisely what he sees.

Simple and straightforward thus far. Staples re-creates and SHARES the context. 

That is to say, he shares his selection of words and his play with nuance in a grey area (metaphor, image).

Third step: He INFUSES his personal felt experience and MARKS his position in the reader’s mind. 

His EFFECT is complete. You can no longer forget his words, i.e., his point-of-view.

Bottom Line: you are taking a phrase and re-writing it from a place of understanding, achieved through reflection and contemplation. 

And all you have is your tool-box and a resonating heart.

At this point I invariably bring up Luce Irigaray (please google), some one I have studied (following) for a long time.

“We cannot share the world as it already is, with the exception of the natural world. The world that we can share is always and still to be elaborated by us and between us starting from the perception and affirmation of what and who we are as humans here and now.” (Irigaray)

Sanjiv

UNDERSTANDING, REFLECT, CONTEMPLATE

from the fishbowl...

colinstaples

Posts: 7

Joined: Tue Sep 14, 2021 11:43 am

Letters: Deconstruction

 colinstaples » Fri Sep 17, 2021 11:59 am

Searching for a new language: 

We are not searching to speak a foreign language, but we are looking to expand on our vocabulary and knowledge which will allow us to become wiser and gain a better understanding of the English language. From reading the daily letters, phrases such as "objectivity of the 1st order" and "objectivity of the 2nd order" are a new language to myself. Understanding the context of a "new language" rather than the literal meaning is the goal. 

New Images of Ourselves: 

As the "Re-arranging chairs" letter stated, we are "actors, avatars, and acolytes." The definitions of actors, avatars, and acolytes all have one common theme: representation. At the end of the day, we are what we choose to represent ourselves as: hard-workers, lazy, curious, etc.. In MGT 345, we are being introduced to a "new language" where we challenge ourselves to become more philosophical and figurative. As an individual, I am usually literal and to the point so this course has challenged me to become a new image of myself. It is very hard to come out of a comfort zone, but with a new perspective we can attempt to better ourselves and understanding.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/18/2021 13:20:26
Subject: fishbowl process in a nutshell (metaphor, image)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Please see Colin Staples post below. I am using it as an example, to get across what each one of us is doing, including myself. 

It is quite simple really, if you listen and not just hear me. 

Broadly speaking, all semester, we’re 'reading into' each others words and, no one can tell you what to say and do.

HOW did Staples write such a text (Fishbowl, fall 21) is the question, and how should a reader RESPOND to it?

First step: he presents two phrases that he selected because it challenged his frame of mind; his thinking. 

Fearlessly, he will see where it will lead; the TRAJECTORY of his THOUGHTS.

Second step: How to understand the CONTEXT?

With tool-box (American Heritage Dictionary in hand, he explores the ELEMENTS, i.e., the words in the selected phrases.

He TRANSCRIBES precisely what he sees.

Simple and straightforward thus far. Staples re-creates and SHARES the context. 

That is to say, he shares his selection of words and his play with nuance in a grey area (metaphor, image).

Third step: He INFUSES his personal felt experience and MARKS his position in the reader’s mind. 

His EFFECT is complete. You can no longer forget his words, i.e., his point-of-view.

Bottom Line: you are taking a phrase and re-writing it from a place of understanding, achieved through reflection and contemplation. 

And all you have is your tool-box and a resonating heart.

At this point I invariably bring up Luce Irigaray (please google), some one I have studied (following) for a long time.

“We cannot share the world as it already is, with the exception of the natural world. The world that we can share is always and still to be elaborated by us and between us starting from the perception and affirmation of what and who we are as humans here and now.” (Irigaray)

Sanjiv

UNDERSTANDING, REFLECT, CONTEMPLATE

from the fishbowl...

colinstaples

Posts: 7

Joined: Tue Sep 14, 2021 11:43 am

Letters: Deconstruction

 colinstaples » Fri Sep 17, 2021 11:59 am

Searching for a new language: 

We are not searching to speak a foreign language, but we are looking to expand on our vocabulary and knowledge which will allow us to become wiser and gain a better understanding of the English language. From reading the daily letters, phrases such as "objectivity of the 1st order" and "objectivity of the 2nd order" are a new language to myself. Understanding the context of a "new language" rather than the literal meaning is the goal. 

New Images of Ourselves: 

As the "Re-arranging chairs" letter stated, we are "actors, avatars, and acolytes." The definitions of actors, avatars, and acolytes all have one common theme: representation. At the end of the day, we are what we choose to represent ourselves as: hard-workers, lazy, curious, etc.. In MGT 345, we are being introduced to a "new language" where we challenge ourselves to become more philosophical and figurative. As an individual, I am usually literal and to the point so this course has challenged me to become a new image of myself. It is very hard to come out of a comfort zone, but with a new perspective we can attempt to better ourselves and understanding.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/15/2021 15:24:51
Subject: after our first meeting
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you today? I feel our first meeting went well.

Behind our masks we were Eyes looking at Eyes. 

MASK, EYE

What did you see? What did you perceive? What did you visualize?

Were you looking, or were you asleep?

SEE, PERCEIVE, VISUALIZE, LOOK

Looking at you looking at me looking at you. In this reality, which is perceptual and visual, we lead a double life. We exist twice. 

In the 'objectivity of the first order' which is the distribution of material things, like the size of the room, number of chairs, etc. We experience this reality on Tuesdays.

And, we exist in the 'objectivity of the second order' which are classifications that function as templates for the practical activities that we do, like our conduct, thoughts, feelings, expectations and judgements.

CLASSIFICATION, TEMPLATE 

II.

I am assuming you have made your presence known in the fishbowl. Got over it and past it. Absorbed and owned your space. You ’navigated’, like an explorer, an unknown and unchartered terrain. Some of you are better than others, and I hope it wasn’t too much of a stress.

Henceforth, simplicity is key. KISS principle: keep it simple stupid!

How so?

Post everything in your space in the fishbowl. 

Open the following Topic Heads but keep your structures flexible:

STRUCTURE, FLEXIBLE

1. Vocabulary

2. Google Searches

3. Letters: deconstruction

4. Reflections: Taking and making notes

5. Exercises

1. Vocabulary is key. It determines the boundary of every discourse. Some words just aren’t allowed. Context is everything because it gives meaning to our words.

VOCABULARY, BOUNDARY, DISCOURSE, CONTEXT, MEANING, WORD

2. Google searches are surfing, sliding, but always looking for what RESONATES. Don’t forget we reveal ourselves by the choices we make. Be yourself. Pull out and look out for ideas more than facts. You will get better at it with practice.

#3,4,5 we will be developing in the next several weeks. 

We are setting up a process and a practice, and we working one word at a time.

Please see Erin Torgersen’s Notes in the fishbowl. Her words are concepts and she is gathering and assembling them.

Riding slow...waiting for the moon to show...

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

erintorgersen

Posts: 120

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 3:25 pm

Taking and Making Notes

Wed Sep 15, 2021 10:52 am

Class 9/14: 

Culture is big 

Usually when there are problems in a company with cultural problem is from a lack of understanding 

Understanding culture from a research method point of view 

Must be skilled in research 

We are learning how to: Discern, Distinguish, Develop, Describe 

Work on the process- how do i do this, not the outcome 

Learning how to decipher and discern text (the letters)

Decipher = Read

Learning how to decode and deconstruct 

In the letters: 

Pull out one thing and deconstruct it 

Requirements:

Vocabulary

Google Searches- looking for a sentence/phrase that resonates with you 

Decoding Letters: Pulling out a phrase to decode and open up letter 

Taking and Making Notes 

Homework Exercises

Looking at Hofstede’s Dimensions (4 out of 5).

Where we fall into these dimensions and how they fit into particular cultures and situations 

Dimensions in the workbook

Selection is very important: When you're making a choice, you are declaring who you are

You don’t want to see what others have done until after you do your own work 

Redundant: We live in a redundant age- workers are turned into each other

Be looking at others work but not until you finish your work so that it wont be redundant 

Learning to Individuate ourselves 

Always working on sentences, constructing sentences (like a carpenter)

Dictionary = toolbox 

“Using the toolbox one word at a time to construct sentences”

Using reading and writing strategy

Learning about Value Structures: Word Structures 

Keeps coming down to words

Don’t focus on goals, we are practicing a nonlinear education through osmosis 

Learning how to research, read and write

Process and Practice

Following a Practice of a certain Process

Practice: Doing it on a regular daily basis 

Immerse yourself in text 

Must love words, have a love affair with words (we are learning to)

Although this course is not linear, it still builds on each other- must start at first letter

**Active Topics** how the professor views the fishbowl

Knowledge Economy = must have value = value comes from being original 

Metaphor: Career Ladder

Different cultures have people on different ladders

Word-Image: Culturally determined 

Google: a graphic or vivid description in words.

When decoding: how did you do it, what direction did you take 

Action Research - Not passive

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/15/2021 15:22:23
Subject: after our first meeting
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you today? I feel our first meeting went well.

Behind our masks we were Eyes looking at Eyes. 

MASK, EYE

What did you see? What did you perceive? What did you visualize?

Were you looking, or were you asleep?

SEE, PERCEIVE, VISUALIZE, LOOK

Looking at you looking at me looking at you. In this reality, which is perceptual and visual, we lead a double life. We exist twice. 

In the 'objectivity of the first order' which is the distribution of material things, like the size of the room, number of chairs, etc. We experience this reality on Tuesdays.

And, we exist in the 'objectivity of the second order' which are classifications that function as templates for the practical activities that we do, like our conduct, thoughts, feelings, expectations and judgements.

CLASSIFICATION, TEMPLATE 

II.

I am assuming you have made your presence known in the fishbowl. Got over it and past it. Absorbed and owned your space. You ’navigated’, like an explorer, an unknown and unchartered terrain. Some of you are better than others, and I hope it wasn’t too much of a stress.

Henceforth, simplicity is key. KISS principle: keep it simple stupid!

How so?

Post everything in your space in the fishbowl. 

Open the following Topic Heads but keep your structures flexible:

STRUCTURE, FLEXIBLE

1. Vocabulary

2. Google Searches

3. Letters: deconstruction

4. Reflections: Taking and making notes

5. Exercises

1. Vocabulary is key. It determines the boundary of every discourse. Some words just aren’t allowed. Context is everything because it gives meaning to our words.

VOCABULARY, BOUNDARY, DISCOURSE, CONTEXT, MEANING, WORD

2. Google searches are surfing, sliding, but always looking for what RESONATES. Don’t forget we reveal ourselves by the choices we make. Be yourself. Pull out and look out for ideas more than facts. You will get better at it with practice.

#3,4,5 we will be developing in the next several weeks. 

We are setting up a process and a practice, and we working one word at a time.

Please see Erin Torgersen’s Notes in the fishbowl. Her words are concepts and she is gathering and assembling them.

Riding slow...waiting for the moon to show...

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

erintorgersen

Posts: 120

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 3:25 pm

Taking and Making Notes

Wed Sep 15, 2021 10:52 am

Class 9/14: 

Culture is big 

Usually when there are problems in a company with cultural problem is from a lack of understanding 

Understanding culture from a research method point of view 

Must be skilled in research 

We are learning how to: Discern, Distinguish, Develop, Describe 

Work on the process- how do i do this, not the outcome 

Learning how to decipher and discern text (the letters)

Decipher = Read

Learning how to decode and deconstruct 

In the letters: 

Pull out one thing and deconstruct it 

Requirements:

Vocabulary

Google Searches- looking for a sentence/phrase that resonates with you 

Decoding Letters: Pulling out a phrase to decode and open up letter 

Taking and Making Notes 

Homework Exercises

Looking at Hofstede’s Dimensions (4 out of 5).

Where we fall into these dimensions and how they fit into particular cultures and situations 

Dimensions in the workbook

Selection is very important: When you're making a choice, you are declaring who you are

You don’t want to see what others have done until after you do your own work 

Redundant: We live in a redundant age- workers are turned into each other

Be looking at others work but not until you finish your work so that it wont be redundant 

Learning to Individuate ourselves 

Always working on sentences, constructing sentences (like a carpenter)

Dictionary = toolbox 

“Using the toolbox one word at a time to construct sentences”

Using reading and writing strategy

Learning about Value Structures: Word Structures 

Keeps coming down to words

Don’t focus on goals, we are practicing a nonlinear education through osmosis 

Learning how to research, read and write

Process and Practice

Following a Practice of a certain Process

Practice: Doing it on a regular daily basis 

Immerse yourself in text 

Must love words, have a love affair with words (we are learning to)

Although this course is not linear, it still builds on each other- must start at first letter

**Active Topics** how the professor views the fishbowl

Knowledge Economy = must have value = value comes from being original 

Metaphor: Career Ladder

Different cultures have people on different ladders

Word-Image: Culturally determined 

Google: a graphic or vivid description in words.

When decoding: how did you do it, what direction did you take 

Action Research - Not passive

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/13/2021 1:52:54
Subject: re-arranging chairs
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope your first week went well and I wish you the best for our first class this Tuesday.

It’s a time we are living on the edge. 

Edge of what?

To live on the edge is to live a life of text and images.

Those of us who understand this in a global knowledge economy are duly rewarded.

I.

In MGT345 and MGT448, we are searching for a new language; a fresh way of perceiving our environments; more complex and fluid organizational structures; new strategies and new leadership styles. In a nutshell, new metaphors and word-images. 

Above all, we are searching for new images of ourselves in a perceptual environment made up of text and images streaming across our mental landscapes.

I am writing this introductory letter to expound on the word; the image; the metaphor; the perception; the idea known as BLENDED. 

In other words, to raise the question, what does BLEND mean for us in MGT345 and 448, particularly with regards to complex and fluid organizational structures; and, new strategies and leadership styles?

To address the meaning of anything, we turn to the dictionary, aka the carpenter's tool-box.

As we proceed in this fashion during the semester, we will learn that our text and images have direct effect on the ground in the physical and material world.

How so?

After contemplating the word BLENDED by looking-up the latest edition of the American Heritage dictionary, I came up with the following organizational structure that is both complex and fluid and has a new strategy which depicts a particular leadership style...

We are 50 registered in MGT345-1 meeting in 105 Ballantine at 11am and, 

we are 50 in MGT345-2 meeting at 2pm in 204 White Hall. 

Ballantine has more registered students than the number of seats, and White Hall has 10 seats available.

We are 40 registered in MGT448 meeting in 045 Engineering Bldg at 3.30pm, and all seats all taken.

All three meetings listed above are happening once a week on Tuesday.

II.

Coming up with an Organizational STRUCTURE, that is COMPLEX and FLUID and a new PEDAGOGY and STRATEGY that DEPICTS a new APPROACH.

Both MGT345 and MGT448 are going online. 

The allotted room in real time is to be considered as office hours for those who have questions, concerns, problems and wish to bring them face to face. 

There will be no attendance taken and your presence or absence will not affect your grade.

You are going to class on Tuesday only because you have a question, and are seeking organizational clarification. 

Students have the flexibility to go to either Ballantine, White Hall and Eng Bldg for office hours at 11am, 2pm and 3.30pm respectively.

First class is essential for introductions and should not be treated as office hours. 

For the first class on 9/14, students must go to their assigned class room. 

345-1 will go to Ballantine, and 345-2 will go to White Hall. 448 to the Eng. Bldg. 

We are in this together.

III.

Our entire work this semester will be done on a digital platform known as The Fishbowl. I will send you a subsequent letter tomorrow. At this point you have absorbed the Syllabus and you harbor several questions in-formation. There will be many more questions to come for some time. Take things in stride is how I can caution you. Don’t jump the gun. I will watch your back.

Before I sign off, I want to say that both courses have been designed in a way that no one gets below a B (very difficult to do) and, your assignments have no deadlines so you can never be late and, there are no exams for there are no right nor wrong answers. 

The only question you will be confronting all semester is: Did you do it? 

Just do it is never truer said. It’s a hands-on course and your learning has worth when it is experiential. 

So, did you do it? Just do it! 

It is the individual's responsibility to be in the mode of “performative writing” and “aesthetic responsiveness.” For, we are actors, avatars and acolytes. We alight, appear and descend from above.

Getting to know, one step at a time...

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/13/2021 1:52:11
Subject: re-arranging chairs
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope your first week went well and I wish you the best for our first class this Tuesday.

It’s a time we are living on the edge. 

Edge of what?

To live on the edge is to live a life of text and images.

Those of us who understand this in a global knowledge economy are duly rewarded.

I.

In MGT345 and MGT448, we are searching for a new language; a fresh way of perceiving our environments; more complex and fluid organizational structures; new strategies and new leadership styles. In a nutshell, new metaphors and word-images. 

Above all, we are searching for new images of ourselves in a perceptual environment made up of text and images streaming across our mental landscapes.

I am writing this introductory letter to expound on the word; the image; the metaphor; the perception; the idea known as BLENDED. 

In other words, to raise the question, what does BLEND mean for us in MGT345 and 448, particularly with regards to complex and fluid organizational structures; and, new strategies and leadership styles?

To address the meaning of anything, we turn to the dictionary, aka the carpenter's tool-box.

As we proceed in this fashion during the semester, we will learn that our text and images have direct effect on the ground in the physical and material world.

How so?

After contemplating the word BLENDED by looking-up the latest edition of the American Heritage dictionary, I came up with the following organizational structure that is both complex and fluid and has a new strategy which depicts a particular leadership style...

We are 50 registered in MGT345-1 meeting in 105 Ballantine at 11am and, 

we are 50 in MGT345-2 meeting at 2pm in 204 White Hall. 

Ballantine has more registered students than the number of seats, and White Hall has 10 seats available.

We are 40 registered in MGT448 meeting in 045 Engineering Bldg at 3.30pm, and all seats all taken.

All three meetings listed above are happening once a week on Tuesday.

II.

Coming up with an Organizational STRUCTURE, that is COMPLEX and FLUID and a new PEDAGOGY and STRATEGY that DEPICTS a new APPROACH.

Both MGT345 and MGT448 are going online. 

The allotted room in real time is to be considered as office hours for those who have questions, concerns, problems and wish to bring them face to face. 

There will be no attendance taken and your presence or absence will not affect your grade.

You are going to class on Tuesday only because you have a question, and are seeking organizational clarification. 

Students have the flexibility to go to either Ballantine, White Hall and Eng Bldg for office hours at 11am, 2pm and 3.30pm respectively.

First class is essential for introductions and should not be treated as office hours. 

For the first class on 9/14, students must go to their assigned class room. 

345-1 will go to Ballantine, and 345-2 will go to White Hall. 448 to the Eng. Bldg. 

We are in this together.

III.

Our entire work this semester will be done on a digital platform known as The Fishbowl. I will send you a subsequent letter tomorrow. At this point you have absorbed the Syllabus and you harbor several questions in-formation. There will be many more questions to come for some time. Take things in stride is how I can caution you. Don’t jump the gun. I will watch your back.

Before I sign off, I want to say that both courses have been designed in a way that no one gets below a B (very difficult to do) and, your assignments have no deadlines so you can never be late and, there are no exams for there are no right nor wrong answers. 

The only question you will be confronting all semester is: Did you do it? 

Just do it is never truer said. It’s a hands-on course and your learning has worth when it is experiential. 

So, did you do it? Just do it! 

It is the individual's responsibility to be in the mode of “performative writing” and “aesthetic responsiveness.” For, we are actors, avatars and acolytes. We alight, appear and descend from above.

Getting to know, one step at a time...

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/24/2021 20:48:38
Subject: diving off the edge (345)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? It is a challenge to be focused and stay the course. 

Staying focused is the practice of everyday living, I.e., the way you individualize text, alter things, in order to make them your own. (Michel de Certeau).

I am going to tie up the syllabus, your fishbowls, the films in 345, all together within a framework through which I view your knowledge and knowing as manifest in your postings.

As a society, we left mental structures depicted in Strictly Ballroom behind by the time the 1980s rolled in.

Cultural and historical ways of thinking.

In recent years, reformers of both private and public institutions have preached that flexible, global corporations, like your fishbowls, provide a model of freedom for individuals, unlike the experience of fixed and static mental structures we saw in Strictly Ballroom.

And so you studied, experienced, witnessed, participated and thought about the characteristics of transnational corporations. They were: Integrated Networking Structures, Dynamic Decision-making, Adaptive Coordination Mechanisms and Unique Innovation Capabilities. Please see Bartlett and Ghoshal. 

Each of these characteristics, on your part, implied a sophisticated understanding of and ability to self-reflexively manage your expression and experience. You adapted as quickly as Charlie Boy in Kinky Boots and came through.

You brought your specific abilities of working in a diverse context to the table. 

Like Lola in Kinky Boots you worked only for adulation.

Building flexibility, sharing information and developing collective know-how into a worldwide network is what sustained you through navigating and negotiating the unknown.

An organization in which the contents are constantly shifting requires the mobile capacity to solve problems; getting deeply involved in any one problem would be dysfunctional, since projects end as abruptly as they begin. You see this again and again in every posting of yours in the fishbowl. The person who can move on, whose posting is possibility, seems more attuned to the instabilities which rule the global market place. 

In banishing old ills seen in Strictly Ballroom, the new-society model creates new social and emotional traumas you saw in Beautiful People with everyday lives. Old dichotomies and dimensions morphing into evanescent and effervescent forms...a liquid society (see Zygmunt Bauman).

Only a certain kind of human being can prosper in unstable, fragmentary institutions.

The culture of our new society (Richard Sennett) demands an ideal Self oriented to 

the short term, 

focused on potential ability rather than accomplishment, 

willing to discount or abandon past experience. 

You taught me this in your fishbowl postings and personified by Lola in Kinky Boots.

The social skill required by a flexible organization is the ability to work well with others in short-lived teams, others you won’t have the time to know well. Whenever the team dissolves and you enter a new group, the problem you have to solve is getting down to business as quickly as possible with these new teammates.

“I can work with anyone” is the social formula for potential ability. Your skill lies in cooperating, whatever the circumstances. Please see Erin Torgersen’s reflection below.

And so we come to the edge. I would like to conclude by assessing three critical values—- narrative, usefulness, and craftsmanship—-that might create an anchor diving off the cliff. Please stay tuned. 

Sanjiv

CHALLENGE, INDIVIDUALIZE, PERSONIFY, MANIFEST, DEPICT, UNSTABLE, POTENTIAL, ABANDON, DISSOLVE, LIQUID, COOPERATE, ANCHOR

from the fishbowl...

erintorgersen

Posts: 112

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 3:25 pm

Re: Letters: Interpreting and deconstructing sentences

Post by erintorgersen » Fri Apr 23, 2021 2:24 pm

Getting real: We are now looking at the bigger picture (microscope to telescope). The lens is zooming out and getting wider. Feelings and emotions are often confusing and not straightforward. It can be hard to keep them straight and to pinpoint particular feelings. While we have traveled through this long journey together, we are about to turn the corner and come to an end. Our fishbowl postings are giving everybody else a glimpse into who we are, a small look into our lives. We look at each of our similarities and differences when seeing how we interact together. But, we cannot conform, we must make our own paths, lead our own lives. We have put ourselves on the line and shown our true colors.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/22/2021 21:57:48
Subject: getting real
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I will shift the focus to a telescopic rather than a microscopic vision (all metaphors determined by the writer).

I haven’t written to you in a fishbowl kind of way for a while. 

It feels awkward, but expressing your feeling in the moment is the best place.

Feelings are mostly confused and jumbled and one is seldom truly heard.

So I feel.

No one listens to me, said my grand nephew.

It’s good to have a favorite poet; read sacred text.

I return to Rilke and Akhmatova every time, she noticed.

It gets you on the right path, and never fails, I replied.

We travelled so many roads together. What am I to say.

You saw me through the pandemic.

Your postings in the fishbowl, like etchings, read as a memoir of unfolding curiosity.

The connections and echoes among your notings are as intriguing as the contrasts in style and subject matter.

Your work is grounded in 'cultural anthropology’ (please google) 

but shaped by the observation that, 

in a world of rapid change and encounters with strangers, 

we can no longer depend on following traditionally defined paths.

We survived the fishbowl by forging our own path into the unknown.

You jumped off the cliffs of the heart, without hesitation.

We came for adulation (Lola in Kinky Boots).

We are stars in each other’s crown.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/22/2021 21:55:17
Subject: getting real
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I will shift the focus to a telescopic rather than a microscopic vision (all metaphors determined by the writer).

I haven’t written to you in a fishbowl kind of way for a while. 

It feels awkward, but expressing your feeling in the moment is the best place.

Feelings are mostly confused and jumbled and one is seldom truly heard.

So I feel.

No one listens to me, said my grand nephew.

It’s good to have a favorite poet; read sacred text.

I return to Rilke and Akhmatova every time, she noticed.

It gets you on the right path, and never fails, I replied.

We travelled so many roads together. What am I to say.

You saw me through the pandemic.

Your postings in the fishbowl, like etchings, read as a memoir of unfolding curiosity.

The connections and echoes among your notings are as intriguing as the contrasts in style and subject matter.

Your work is grounded in 'cultural anthropology’ (please google) 

but shaped by the observation that, 

in a world of rapid change and encounters with strangers, 

we can no longer depend on following traditionally defined paths.

We survived the fishbowl by forging our own path into the unknown.

You jumped off the cliffs of the heart, without hesitation.

We came for adulation (Lola in Kinky Boots).

We are stars in each other’s crown.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/21/2021 13:55:37
Subject: participation, co-authorship, grades
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you today?

I have 28 names as co-authors on the revised Abstract.

If you are not a co-author, you are a participant/voyeur.

If you wish me to reconsider your contribution for co-authorship, since the last deadline of the Abstract, I will be happy to do so.

We have one day before the deadline. Abstract is due 4/22.

Please let me know. 

Here’s how the grading goes:

Voyeurs get a B. 

Complete Vocabulary gets you a B+

Regular Deconstructions and Reflections gets you an A-

Letter of Recommendation for those with a straight A.

There is no final exam as such.

Your work is to be completed in the fishbowl by midnight May 3rd.

I will submit your grades soon thereafter.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/21/2021 13:55:01
Subject: participation, co-authorship, grades
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you today?

I have 28 names as co-authors on the revised Abstract.

If you are not a co-author, you are a participant/voyeur.

If you wish me to reconsider your contribution for co-authorship, since the last deadline of the Abstract, I will be happy to do so.

We have one day before the deadline. Abstract is due 4/22.

Please let me know. 

Here’s how the grading goes:

Voyeurs get a B. 

Complete Vocabulary gets you a B+

Regular Deconstructions and Reflections gets you an A-

Letter of Recommendation for those with a straight A.

There is no final exam as such.

Your work is to be completed in the fishbowl by midnight May 3rd.

I will submit your grades soon thereafter.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/21/2021 0:14:34
Subject: wrapping up the semester in an abstract
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well and coping with this tumultuous time in your lives.

Please see the abstract below...which I will submit tomorrow after going over your names for authorship.

Please email me directly if you wish me to consider your work in the fishbowl, if you didn’t make the grade previously.

I know I missed a couple of you, and will include your names. I will be in touch before the deadline tomorrow. 

Please...

Read the abstract in the context of surviving in each of the movies in 345 and 448.

Read the abstract as a model for entering the unknown. 

Read the abstract in the context of your fishbowl.

Read the abstract in the context of the pandemic.

Read the abstract as the best Sanjiv can do in return for your money and time.

Read the abstract as setting up a business, or writing a policy paper.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

Title: Online Learning Process in Sequential Events 

Introduction:

In our experience, ‘online learning process’ is about participating in and sustaining joint performances, in spite of differences in competence. It is a process that is fragile and subject to continual change, not unlike wikipedia or EDULEARN21. 

Our process of online learning took place in a community managed site, known as the Fishbowl (1). 

Our paper is based on the premise that the process of online learning is a dynamic interaction that is continually in a state of “becoming” something else. We distinguish our learning between two kinds of becoming or, learning occurrences. One, the uniform ‘going-on’ of learning activities that prevailed among us, and two, the ‘coming-about’ of learning development. Our paper presents the ‘coming-about’ of online learning as “events” that are “ruptures” in one’s ‘going-on’ learning activities (2). 

Literature and Method:

From the literature in Process Organization Studies (3) and notions of Competency Based Education, we identified fundamental aspects of the learning process as creativity, organic change over time, subjectivity and interdependence. 

Our method for learning in the Fishbowl gives ontological primacy to individual self-reflection and self-realization (4), and records three sequential “events.”

The first event focuses on participation as providing context for the development of learning a particular competence.

The second “event” uses joint participation to bring about change in one’s subjective understanding of a competence.

The third “event” is sharing fragmentary reflections of felt-experiences regarding the competence.

Finding: 

We present three instances for each of the three sequential “events.” A study of these sequences establishes that as participants we were collaborating in a pattern of more or less alternating, non-overlaying vocalization, where we spoke pithy sentences in response to each other, together producing a brief joint performance similar to conversation.

Conclusion:

Our paper is a study of learning performances as events, events with several participants, communication in several modalities and a contextual structure, rather than the acquisition of a single competency. We found the process of online learning requires special theoretical efforts that undertake the double task of developing new explanatory concepts and providing arguments as to why these concepts better serves one’s online learning experience. 

References

[1] YouTube Student Video Channel 

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJX57VhQs_biMyT8lokULzQ/videos

[2] Badiou, Alain. Being and Event (1988)

[3] Ann Langley and Haridimos Tsoukas (2016). The SAGE Handbook of Process Organization Studies

[4] Mats Alvesson and Kaj Skoldberg, Reflexive Methodology (2001). Sage

Keywords: ONLINE LEARNING PROCESS, EVENT, RUPTURE, COMPETENCY LEARNING

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/21/2021 0:13:42
Subject: wrapping up the semester in an abstract
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well and coping with this tumultuous time in your lives.

Please see the abstract below...which I will submit tomorrow after going over your names for authorship.

Please email me directly if you wish me to consider your work in the fishbowl, if you didn’t make the grade previously.

I know I missed a couple of you, and will include your names. I will be in touch before the deadline tomorrow. 

Please...

Read the abstract in the context of surviving in each of the movies in 345 and 448.

Read the abstract as a model for entering the unknown. 

Read the abstract in the context of your fishbowl.

Read the abstract in the context of the pandemic.

Read the abstract as the best Sanjiv can do in return for your money and time.

Read the abstract as setting up a business, or writing a policy paper.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

Title: Online Learning Process in Sequential Events 

Introduction:

In our experience, ‘online learning process’ is about participating in and sustaining joint performances, in spite of differences in competence. It is a process that is fragile and subject to continual change, not unlike wikipedia or EDULEARN21. 

Our process of online learning took place in a community managed site, known as the Fishbowl (1). 

Our paper is based on the premise that the process of online learning is a dynamic interaction that is continually in a state of “becoming” something else. We distinguish our learning between two kinds of becoming or, learning occurrences. One, the uniform ‘going-on’ of learning activities that prevailed among us, and two, the ‘coming-about’ of learning development. Our paper presents the ‘coming-about’ of online learning as “events” that are “ruptures” in one’s ‘going-on’ learning activities (2). 

Literature and Method:

From the literature in Process Organization Studies (3) and notions of Competency Based Education, we identified fundamental aspects of the learning process as creativity, organic change over time, subjectivity and interdependence. 

Our method for learning in the Fishbowl gives ontological primacy to individual self-reflection and self-realization (4), and records three sequential “events.”

The first event focuses on participation as providing context for the development of learning a particular competence.

The second “event” uses joint participation to bring about change in one’s subjective understanding of a competence.

The third “event” is sharing fragmentary reflections of felt-experiences regarding the competence.

Finding: 

We present three instances for each of the three sequential “events.” A study of these sequences establishes that as participants we were collaborating in a pattern of more or less alternating, non-overlaying vocalization, where we spoke pithy sentences in response to each other, together producing a brief joint performance similar to conversation.

Conclusion:

Our paper is a study of learning performances as events, events with several participants, communication in several modalities and a contextual structure, rather than the acquisition of a single competency. We found the process of online learning requires special theoretical efforts that undertake the double task of developing new explanatory concepts and providing arguments as to why these concepts better serves one’s online learning experience. 

References

[1] YouTube Student Video Channel 

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJX57VhQs_biMyT8lokULzQ/videos

[2] Badiou, Alain. Being and Event (1988)

[3] Ann Langley and Haridimos Tsoukas (2016). The SAGE Handbook of Process Organization Studies

[4] Mats Alvesson and Kaj Skoldberg, Reflexive Methodology (2001). Sage

Keywords: ONLINE LEARNING PROCESS, EVENT, RUPTURE, COMPETENCY LEARNING

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/20/2021 14:40:36
Subject: evolving abstract: Online Learning Process
------------------------------------------------------------
Title: Online Learning Process

Introduction:

In our experience, online learning process is learning how to participate in and sustain joint performances, in spite of differences in competence. It is a process that is fragile and subject to continual change, not unlike wikipedia or EDULEARN21. Our process of online learning took place in a community managed site, known as the Fishbowl. Our paper is based on the premise that the process of online learning is a dynamic interaction that is continually in a state of “becoming” something else. We distinguish our learning between two kinds of becoming or, learning occurrences. One, the uniform ‘going-on’ of learning activities that prevailed among us, and two, the ‘coming-about’ of learning development. Our paper presents the ‘coming-about’ of online learning as “events” that are “ruptures” in one’s ‘going-on’ learning activities. 

Method:

From the literature in Process Organization Studies, we identified fundamental aspects of the learning process as creativity, organic change over time, subjectivity and interdependence. Our method for learning in the Fishbowl gives ontological primacy to individual self-reflection and self-realization, and follows three sequential events.

The first event is to focus on participation as providing context for the development of learning a particular competence.

The second event uses joint participation to bring about change in one’s subjective understanding of a competence.

The third event are reflections in fragments of felt-experiences.

Conclusion and Finding: 

Our paper is about the study of learning performances as events, events with several participants, communication in several modalities and a contextual structure, rather than the study of a single competence. We found the process of online learning requires special theoretical efforts that undertake the double task of developing new explanatory concepts and providing arguments as to why these concepts better serve one's aim of online learning. 

In the space and time permitted, we present three instances of our online learning process.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/20/2021 14:37:52
Subject: evolving abstract: Online Learning Process
------------------------------------------------------------
Title: Online Learning Process

Introduction:

In our experience, online learning process is learning how to participate in and sustain joint performances, in spite of differences in competence. It is a process that is fragile and subject to continual change, not unlike wikipedia or EDULEARN21. Our process of online learning took place in a community managed site, known as the Fishbowl. Our paper is based on the premise that the process of online learning is a dynamic interaction that is continually in a state of “becoming” something else. We distinguish our learning between two kinds of becoming or, learning occurrences. One, the uniform ‘going-on’ of learning activities that prevailed among us, and two, the ‘coming-about’ of learning development. Our paper presents the ‘coming-about’ of online learning as “events” that are “ruptures” in one’s ‘going-on’ learning activities. 

Method:

From the literature in Process Organization Studies, we identified fundamental aspects of the learning process as creativity, organic change over time, subjectivity and interdependence. Our method for learning in the Fishbowl gives ontological primacy to individual self-reflection and self-realization, and follows three sequential events.

The first event is to focus on participation as providing context for the development of learning a particular competence.

The second event uses joint participation to bring about change in one’s subjective understanding of a competence.

The third event are reflections in fragments of felt-experiences.

Conclusion and Finding: 

Our paper is about the study of learning performances as events, events with several participants, communication in several modalities and a contextual structure, rather than the study of a single competence. We found the process of online learning requires special theoretical efforts that undertake the double task of developing new explanatory concepts and providing arguments as to why these concepts better serve one's aim of online learning. 

In the space and time permitted, we present three instances of our online learning process.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/19/2021 10:36:02
Subject: on the cusp of change
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well and "your mind is without fear, your head held high” (Tagore). We are undergoing a difficult time; we are on the cusp of change, brought about by a deeper understanding of our situation. 

I finally heard on April 17 from the Reviewers of our Abstract. They are interested in our learning experience but have asked that it be re-written for a general audience. In other words, it is not rejected but it is not accepted either. We have until the 22nd. It is about “re-structuring” words. Sentences. We live in a textual world. Words are everything.

You are never far from my thoughts. Please see Caroline Mahoney’s posting below. 

I am watching my process for wrapping up the semester. I will tie in the films you have been asked to watch. You are all doing fine. I hope I am getting that across.

Below is where I have got thus far with the Abstract...

Title: Online Learning Process

Introduction

Online learning is a process that is fragile and subject to continual change, not unlike wikipedia or EDULEARN21. Our process of online learning took place in a community managed site, known as the Fishbowl. Our paper is based on the premise that the process of online learning is a dynamic interaction that is continually in a state of becoming something else. We distinguish our learning between two kinds of ‘becoming’ or learning occurrences. One, the uniform ‘going-on’ of learning activities that prevailed among us, and two, the ‘coming-about’ of learning development. Our paper presents the ‘coming-about’ of online learning as events that are ruptures in one’s ‘going-on’ learning activities. From the literature in Process Organization Studies, we identified fundamental aspects of the learning process as creativity, organic change over time, subjectivity and interdependence. Our learning process in the Fishbowl gives ontological primacy to individual self-reflection and self-realization, and follows three sequential events.

*****

Online learning process is learning how to participate in and sustain joint performances, in spite of differences in competence.

****

Process of online learning requires special theoretical efforts that undertake the double task of developing new explanatory concepts and providing arguments for why these concepts better serve the aims of online learning.

Sanjiv

CUSP

From the fishbowl...

carolinemahoney

Posts: 115

Joined: Tue Feb 02, 2021 8:34 pm

Sun Apr 18, 2021 10:52 pm

(3/28) Social ontology - 

Social ontology - the study of the nature and properties of the social world. It is concerned with analyzing the various entities in the world that arise from social interaction. A prominent topic in social ontology is the analysis of social groups.

Thought leader - one whose views on a subject are taken to be authoritative and influential.

The fishbowl is an interpretation or form of social ontology. We all have our own ways in nature and properties within the world, and we are all able to arise from the social interaction. 

How are we social in the fishbowl? Learning from each other, sharing experiences, practicing our words, deconstructing the meaning behind the text. We are in a movie, looking through the peep-holes. Eyes looking at eyes.

carolinemahoney

Posts: 115

Joined: Tue Feb 02, 2021 8:34 pm

Sun Apr 18, 2021 10:58 pm

(3/29) Post-structuralists -

study/reflection

"While studying for my business in society class, I found myself reflecting on past memories to connect my past with what I am currently learning."

study - to read, memorize facts, attend school, etc., in order to learn about a subject, to give careful attention to (something).

reflection - serious thought or consideration.

We are all increasing our knowledge in the fishbowl by researching, analyzing, reflecting, and studying the different forms of text. We learn from others, and also ourselves while we write down our stream of consciousness onto the "page" on our screens.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/19/2021 10:34:24
Subject: on the cusp of change
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well and "your mind is without fear, your head held high” (Tagore). We are undergoing a difficult time; we are on the cusp of change, brought about by a deeper understanding of our situation. 

I finally heard on April 17 from the Reviewers of our Abstract. They are interested in our learning experience but have asked that it be re-written for a general audience. In other words, it is not rejected but it is not accepted either. We have until the 22nd. It is about “re-structuring” words. Sentences. We live in a textual world. Words are everything.

You are never far from my thoughts. Please see Caroline Mahoney’s posting below. 

I am watching my process for wrapping up the semester. I will tie in the films you have been asked to watch. You are all doing fine. I hope I am getting that across.

Below is where I have got thus far with the Abstract...

Title: Online Learning Process

Introduction

Online learning is a process that is fragile and subject to continual change, not unlike wikipedia or EDULEARN21. Our process of online learning took place in a community managed site, known as the Fishbowl. Our paper is based on the premise that the process of online learning is a dynamic interaction that is continually in a state of becoming something else. We distinguish our learning between two kinds of ‘becoming’ or learning occurrences. One, the uniform ‘going-on’ of learning activities that prevailed among us, and two, the ‘coming-about’ of learning development. Our paper presents the ‘coming-about’ of online learning as events that are ruptures in one’s ‘going-on’ learning activities. From the literature in Process Organization Studies, we identified fundamental aspects of the learning process as creativity, organic change over time, subjectivity and interdependence. Our learning process in the Fishbowl gives ontological primacy to individual self-reflection and self-realization, and follows three sequential events.

*****

Online learning process is learning how to participate in and sustain joint performances, in spite of differences in competence.

****

Process of online learning requires special theoretical efforts that undertake the double task of developing new explanatory concepts and providing arguments for why these concepts better serve the aims of online learning.

Sanjiv

CUSP

From the fishbowl...

carolinemahoney

Posts: 115

Joined: Tue Feb 02, 2021 8:34 pm

Sun Apr 18, 2021 10:52 pm

(3/28) Social ontology - 

Social ontology - the study of the nature and properties of the social world. It is concerned with analyzing the various entities in the world that arise from social interaction. A prominent topic in social ontology is the analysis of social groups.

Thought leader - one whose views on a subject are taken to be authoritative and influential.

The fishbowl is an interpretation or form of social ontology. We all have our own ways in nature and properties within the world, and we are all able to arise from the social interaction. 

How are we social in the fishbowl? Learning from each other, sharing experiences, practicing our words, deconstructing the meaning behind the text. We are in a movie, looking through the peep-holes. Eyes looking at eyes.

carolinemahoney

Posts: 115

Joined: Tue Feb 02, 2021 8:34 pm

Sun Apr 18, 2021 10:58 pm

(3/29) Post-structuralists -

study/reflection

"While studying for my business in society class, I found myself reflecting on past memories to connect my past with what I am currently learning."

study - to read, memorize facts, attend school, etc., in order to learn about a subject, to give careful attention to (something).

reflection - serious thought or consideration.

We are all increasing our knowledge in the fishbowl by researching, analyzing, reflecting, and studying the different forms of text. We learn from others, and also ourselves while we write down our stream of consciousness onto the "page" on our screens.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/13/2021 10:54:10
Subject: critical spatial practices
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I withdrew for a few inorder to create greater distance between us. I hope you are well. We are nearing the end of the road, and tenaciously, you hung in there. You never left my mind nor my sight and you continue to evoke deeply felt emotions.

Your fishbowls are representational spaces that are directly linked to your lived spaces, the spaces of everyday experiences.

Representational space does not involve too much head: it’s rather felt more than thought.

Representational space is lived. It speaks. It has an affective kernel or center.

It may be explained in various ways: it may be directional, situational or relational, because it is essentially qualitative, fluid and dynamic.

It is simply alive! 

Structures create spaces and spaces have structures. Please see Mitchell Dickson's vocabulary postings below as an example. 

Please see these words as symbols and word-images that evoke further images and feelings.

Your fishbowl is representational space experienced through complex structures of symbols and images and they overlay your physical space.

There is a triad of ’space' which must be aligned because they aren’t ever stable and they exhibit historically defined attributes and content:

conceived space (structure of your sentence)

perceived space (your perceptual category; one word)

lived space (felt experience; paragraph in first person)

So there you have the methodology again! 

Through dialectical interaction, you have been following a ’critical spatial practice’ (please google the term, along with Henri Lefebvre).

The key qualities of a critical practice are self-reflection and social transformation.

In 345 we are critically practicing a knowing and knowledge content for each of the 4 characteristics of successful transnational corporations. 

In 448, we are critically practicing a knowing and knowledge content for Hofstede’s dimensions of national cultures.

In a few more letters, I will wrap up the course plus link the purpose of watching films during the semester. Please be sure to see them.

Sanjiv

TRIAD, SPACE, REPRESENTATION, DIALECTIC, PRACTICE

from the fishbowl...

Vocabulary

mitchelldickson

Posts: 16

Joined: Thu Feb 04, 2021 9:00 pm

Mon Apr 12, 2021 3:41 pm

IDIOM: a phrase or expression that represents a figurative, non literal meaning to the phrase.

LEXICON: the vocabulary of a person, language or branch of knowledge.

FEELING: an emotional state or reaction either through touch or perception.

EXPERIENCE: the process through which conscious beings the world around them.

DICHOTOMY: a division or contrast between two things that are seen as opposed or entirely different. 

CONSTITUTE: to be a part of a whole. 

METAPHOR: a figure of speech in which a word or phrase is applied to an object or action that is not literally applicable. 

WAY: a method or style of doing something. 

RELENTLESS: something that is harsh or oppressively constant.

RESISTANCE: the refusal to accept or comply with something. 

VOCABULARY: a body of words used in a particular language. 

WORD: a single distinct meaningful element of speech or writing used with others or alone. 

IMAGE: a representation of the external form of a person or thing in art. Can be physical or digital. 

ASSEMBLAGE: a collection or gathering of things or people.

FORM: the visible shape or configuration of something. 

DOING: the activities that an individual partakes in. 

LOOP: a shape produced by a curve that bends around and crosses itself. 

RECURSIVE: characterized by recurrence or repetition. 

CREATE: to bring something into existence. 

INTERRELATE: relate or connect with one another.

INDRA'S NET: a metaphor used to describe emptiness, dependent origination and interpretation in Buddhist philosophy. 

PICTURE: a painting, drawing or image. 

GRADE: a level of rank, quality, intensity or value.

 

Mon Apr 12, 2021 3:52 pm

EXPERIENCE: the process through which conscious beings the world around them.

TRAVERSE: to travel across or through. 

NAVIGATE: to plan or direct the route or course of a ship, plane or any form of transportation usually through maps.

NEGOTIATE: to try to reach an agreement or compromise by discussion with others.

UNCERTAINTY: the state of being uncertain or unsure about something. 

FOCUS: the center of interest or activity.

MINDFUL: being conscious or aware of something. 

MEDITATE: to think deeply or focus ones mind for a period of time in silence.

CONTEMPLATE: to look thoroughly for a long time at.

THOUGHT: an idea or opinion produced by thinking or occurring suddenly in the mind. 

TRAJECTORY: the path followed by a projectile flying or an object moving under the action of given forces. 

POSSIBILITY: a thing that may happen or be the case.

Mon Apr 12, 2021 4:55 pm

BODY: the physical structure of a person or animal including the bones, flesh and organs. 

MIND: an element of a person that allows them to be aware of the world and their experiences, to think and feel.

SPIRIT: the nonphysical part of a person which is the seat of emotions or character, the soul. 

DOMAIN: an area of territory owned or controlled by a ruler or government. 

INTERTWINE: twist or twine together.

EXTRICATE: someone or something that is free from a constraint or difficulty.

OPERATE: (a person) to control the functioning of something (machine, process or system)

ETYMOLOGY: the study of the origin of words and the way in which their meanings have changed throughout history.

COMPLEXITY: the state or quality of being intricate or complicated.

GENESIS: the origin or mode of formation of something.

DESIRE: a strong feeling of wanting to have something or wishing something to happen.

LEARN: gain or acquire knowledge of or skill in (something) by study, experience or being taught.

Mon Apr 12, 2021 5:01 pm

PROCESS: a series of actions or steps taken in order to achieve a particular end. 

RECONSTRUCT: build or form something again after it has been damaged or destroyed. 

MEDITATE: to think deeply or focus ones mind for a period of time in silence.

OPPOSITE: having a position on the other or further side of something.

OTHER: used to refer to a person or thing that is different or distinct from one already mentioned or known about.

Mon Apr 12, 2021 5:18 pm

CONSTRUCT: to build or erect something, usually a building, road or machine.

INTERPRET: explain the meaning of information, words or actions.

CREATE: bring something into existence. 

SHARE: a part of a larger amount which is divided among a number of people. 

EXCHANGE: the act of giving one thing and receiving another in return. 

STRUCTURE: the arrangement of and relations between the parts of elements of something complex.

ASSIGNMENT: a task or piece of work assigned to someone as part of a job or course of study.

BALANCE: an even distribution of weight allowing someone to remain upright and steady.

COORDINATE: bring the different elements of an activity or organization into a relationship that will ensure harmony. 

TEXTUAL: relating to a text or texts.

EVOKE: bring or recall to the conscious mind.

BEGET: when a man and woman bring a child into existence through reproduction.

ENTITY: a thing with distinct and independent existence.

ETCHING: a print produced by the process of etching.

VALUE: the importance, worth or usefulness of something. 

CREATE: to bring something into existence.

CLICHE: a phrase or opinion that is overused and betrays a lack of original thought.

Mon Apr 12, 2021 5:33 pm

SEARCH: try to find something by looking or otherwise seeking carefully and thoroughly.

IDEA: a thought or suggestion as to a possible course of action.

FACT: a thing that is indisputably the case, 100% true.

WAY: a method, style, or manner of doing something.

DERIVE: obtain something from (a specified source).

SATISFACTION: fulfillment of one's wishes, expectations, or needs, or the pleasure derived from this.

VALUE: the importance, worth or usefulness of something.

CO-EXIST: to exist at the same time or in the same place.

VISUAL: relating to seeing or sight. 

NAVIGATE: plan and direct the route or course of a ship, aircraft, or other form of transportation, especially by using instruments or maps.

FLOW: (of a fluid, gas, or electricity) move along or out steadily and continuously in a current or stream.

OMNILATERAL: facing or directed all ways; representing all points of view; having all or very many aspects or components.

BANAL: so lacking in originality as to be obvious and boring.

FLEXIBLE: capable of bending easily without breaking. 

ADAPT: make (something) suitable for a new use or purpose; modify.

CONVERSION: the act or an instance of converting or the process of being converted.

RAPID: happening in a short time or at a fast pace.

MOBILITY: the ability to move or be moved freely and easily.

ENTERPRISE: a project or undertaking, typically one that is difficult or requires effort.

SURVIVE: continue to live or exist, especially in spite of danger or hardship.

Mon Apr 12, 2021 5:47 pm

SYNTAX: the arrangement of words and phrases to create well-formed sentences in a language.

SORT: a category of things or people having some common feature; a type.

SIFT: examine (something) thoroughly so as to isolate that which is most important or useful.

SELECT: carefully choose as being the best or most suitable.

CATEGORY: a class or division of people or things regarded as having particular shared characteristics.

LABEL: a classifying phrase or name applied to a person or thing, especially one that is inaccurate or restrictive.

ARBITRARY: based on random choice or personal whim, rather than any reason or system. 

MUTATE: change or cause to change in form or nature.

MERGE: combine or cause to combine to form a single entity.

MORPH: change smoothly from one image to another by small gradual steps using computer animation techniques.

FORM: the visible shape or configuration of something.

STRUCTURE: he arrangement of and relations between the parts or elements of something complex.

DEEP: extending far down from the top or surface.

UNDERSTANDING: he ability to understand something; comprehension.

SUBSTITUTION: the action of replacing someone or something with another person or thing.

CREATIVE: relating to or involving the imagination or original ideas, especially in the production of an artistic work.

EXPRESSION: the process of making known one's thoughts or feelings.

MEANING: what is meant by a word, text, concept, or action.

INTERPRETATION: the action of explaining the meaning of something.

DECONSTRUCTION: a method of critical analysis of philosophical and literary language which emphasizes the internal workings of language and conceptual systems, the relational quality of meaning, and the assumptions implicit in forms of expression.

Mon Apr 12, 2021 6:01 pm

DEVELOP: grow or cause to grow and become more mature, advanced, or elaborate.

PRACTICE: the actual application or use of an idea, belief, or method as opposed to theories about such application or use.

PROCESS: a series of actions or steps taken in order to achieve a particular end.

PATHWAY: a way that constitutes or serves as a path.

DISCOURSE: written or spoken communication or debate.

LEARNING: the acquisition of knowledge or skills through experience, study, or by being taught.

BOUNDARY: a line that marks the limits of an area; a dividing line.

IMMERSE: dip or submerge in a liquid.

EVENT: a thing that happens, especially one of importance.

UNDERSTANDING: the ability to understand something; comprehension.

VEXING: to make (someone) feel annoyed, frustrated, or worried, especially with trivial matters.

COMPARE: estimate, measure, or note the similarity or dissimilarity between

COPY: a thing made to be similar or identical to another.

DIFFERENCE: a point or way in which people or things are not the same.

PERIPHERAL: relating to or situated on the edge or periphery of something. 

VISION: the faculty or state of being able to see.

ENHANCE: intensify, increase, or further improve the quality, value, or extent of.

VALUE: he regard that something is held to deserve; the importance, worth, or usefulness of something.

Mon Apr 12, 2021 6:19 pm

IMPLICIT: essentially or very closely connected with; always to be found in.

IMAGE: a representation of the external form of a person or thing in art.

INSIGHT: he capacity to gain an accurate and deep intuitive understanding of a person or thing.

PERSEPECTIVE: a particular attitude toward or way of regarding something; a point of view.

ASSUMPTION: a thing that is accepted as true or as certain to happen, without proof.

TRAP: a device or enclosure designed to catch and retain animals, typically by allowing entry but not exit or by catching hold of a part of the body.

IMAGINATION: the faculty or action of forming new ideas, or images or concepts of external objects not present to the senses.

METAPHORICAL-THINKING: thinking in terms of comparing two things that in reality are not the same. 

WORD: a single distinct meaningful element of speech or writing, used with others (or sometimes alone) to form a sentence and typically shown with a space on either side when written or printed.

RELATION: the way in which two or more concepts, objects, or people are connected; a thing's effect on or relevance to another.

JOURNEY: an act of traveling from one place to another.

EMBARK: go on board a ship, aircraft, or other vehicle.

RESPONSE: a verbal or written answer.

MULTITUDE: a large number.

SOLITUDE: the state or situation of being alone.

IMMERSION: the action of immersing someone or something in a liquid.

FRAGMENTARY: consisting of small parts that are disconnected or incomplete.

MODEL: a three-dimensional representation of a person or thing or of a proposed structure, typically on a smaller scale than the original.

RESISTANCE: the refusal to accept or comply with something; the attempt to prevent something by action or argument.

SINGULAR: denoting or referring to just one person or thing.

UNIVERSAL: of, affecting, or done by all people or things in the world or in a particular group; applicable to all cases.

COMMUNION: the sharing or exchanging of intimate thoughts and feelings, especially when the exchange is on a mental or spiritual level.

 Mon Apr 12, 2021 6:32 pm

THOUGHT: an idea or opinion produced by thinking, or occurring suddenly in the mind.

LEADER: the person who leads or commands a group, organization, or country.

ROLE: the function assumed or part played by a person or thing in a particular situation.

GROWTH: the process of increasing in physical size.

MENTAL: relating to the mind.

STRUCTURE: the arrangement of and relations between the parts or elements of something complex.

COMMUNICATION: the imparting or exchanging of information or news.

ESSENCE: the intrinsic nature or indispensable quality of something, especially something abstract, that determines its character.

TRANSLATION: a written or spoken rendering of the meaning of a word, speech, book, or other text, in another language.

JUXTAPOSE: place or deal with close together for contrasting effect.

OBSERVATION: the action or process of observing something or someone carefully or in order to gain information.

PARTICIPATE: to take part of something. 

SINGULAR: denoting or referring to just one person or thing.

SIMULTANEOUS: occurring, operating, or done at the same time.

ENCOUNTER: an unexpected or casual meeting with someone or something.

INSIGHT: the capacity to gain an accurate and deep intuitive understanding of a person or thing.

CONTEXT: the circumstances that form the setting for an event, statement, or idea, and in terms of which it can be fully understood and assessed.

BE: exist.

BECOME: begin to be.

GENERATIVE: relating to or capable of production or reproduction.

FOCUS: the center of interest or activity.

MINUTE: a period of time equal to sixty seconds or a sixtieth of an hour.

WHOLE: all of; entire.

PATTERN: a repeated decorative design.

ATTENTION: notice taken of someone or something; the regarding of someone or something as interesting or important.

CURIOSITY: a strong desire to know or learn something.

WONDER: desire or be curious to know something.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/13/2021 10:53:19
Subject: critical spatial practices
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I withdrew for a few inorder to create greater distance between us. I hope you are well. We are nearing the end of the road, and tenaciously, you hung in there. You never left my mind nor my sight and you continue to evoke deeply felt emotions.

Your fishbowls are representational spaces that are directly linked to your lived spaces, the spaces of everyday experiences.

Representational space does not involve too much head: it’s rather felt more than thought.

Representational space is lived. It speaks. It has an affective kernel or center.

It may be explained in various ways: it may be directional, situational or relational, because it is essentially qualitative, fluid and dynamic.

It is simply alive! 

Structures create spaces and spaces have structures. Please see Mitchell Dickson's vocabulary postings below as an example. 

Please see these words as symbols and word-images that evoke further images and feelings.

Your fishbowl is representational space experienced through complex structures of symbols and images and they overlay your physical space.

There is a triad of ’space' which must be aligned because they aren’t ever stable and they exhibit historically defined attributes and content:

conceived space (structure of your sentence)

perceived space (your perceptual category; one word)

lived space (felt experience; paragraph in first person)

So there you have the methodology again! 

Through dialectical interaction, you have been following a ’critical spatial practice’ (please google the term, along with Henri Lefebvre).

The key qualities of a critical practice are self-reflection and social transformation.

In 345 we are critically practicing a knowing and knowledge content for each of the 4 characteristics of successful transnational corporations. 

In 448, we are critically practicing a knowing and knowledge content for Hofstede’s dimensions of national cultures.

In a few more letters, I will wrap up the course plus link the purpose of watching films during the semester. Please be sure to see them.

Sanjiv

TRIAD, SPACE, REPRESENTATION, DIALECTIC, PRACTICE

from the fishbowl...

Vocabulary

mitchelldickson

Posts: 16

Joined: Thu Feb 04, 2021 9:00 pm

Mon Apr 12, 2021 3:41 pm

IDIOM: a phrase or expression that represents a figurative, non literal meaning to the phrase.

LEXICON: the vocabulary of a person, language or branch of knowledge.

FEELING: an emotional state or reaction either through touch or perception.

EXPERIENCE: the process through which conscious beings the world around them.

DICHOTOMY: a division or contrast between two things that are seen as opposed or entirely different. 

CONSTITUTE: to be a part of a whole. 

METAPHOR: a figure of speech in which a word or phrase is applied to an object or action that is not literally applicable. 

WAY: a method or style of doing something. 

RELENTLESS: something that is harsh or oppressively constant.

RESISTANCE: the refusal to accept or comply with something. 

VOCABULARY: a body of words used in a particular language. 

WORD: a single distinct meaningful element of speech or writing used with others or alone. 

IMAGE: a representation of the external form of a person or thing in art. Can be physical or digital. 

ASSEMBLAGE: a collection or gathering of things or people.

FORM: the visible shape or configuration of something. 

DOING: the activities that an individual partakes in. 

LOOP: a shape produced by a curve that bends around and crosses itself. 

RECURSIVE: characterized by recurrence or repetition. 

CREATE: to bring something into existence. 

INTERRELATE: relate or connect with one another.

INDRA'S NET: a metaphor used to describe emptiness, dependent origination and interpretation in Buddhist philosophy. 

PICTURE: a painting, drawing or image. 

GRADE: a level of rank, quality, intensity or value.

 

Mon Apr 12, 2021 3:52 pm

EXPERIENCE: the process through which conscious beings the world around them.

TRAVERSE: to travel across or through. 

NAVIGATE: to plan or direct the route or course of a ship, plane or any form of transportation usually through maps.

NEGOTIATE: to try to reach an agreement or compromise by discussion with others.

UNCERTAINTY: the state of being uncertain or unsure about something. 

FOCUS: the center of interest or activity.

MINDFUL: being conscious or aware of something. 

MEDITATE: to think deeply or focus ones mind for a period of time in silence.

CONTEMPLATE: to look thoroughly for a long time at.

THOUGHT: an idea or opinion produced by thinking or occurring suddenly in the mind. 

TRAJECTORY: the path followed by a projectile flying or an object moving under the action of given forces. 

POSSIBILITY: a thing that may happen or be the case.

Mon Apr 12, 2021 4:55 pm

BODY: the physical structure of a person or animal including the bones, flesh and organs. 

MIND: an element of a person that allows them to be aware of the world and their experiences, to think and feel.

SPIRIT: the nonphysical part of a person which is the seat of emotions or character, the soul. 

DOMAIN: an area of territory owned or controlled by a ruler or government. 

INTERTWINE: twist or twine together.

EXTRICATE: someone or something that is free from a constraint or difficulty.

OPERATE: (a person) to control the functioning of something (machine, process or system)

ETYMOLOGY: the study of the origin of words and the way in which their meanings have changed throughout history.

COMPLEXITY: the state or quality of being intricate or complicated.

GENESIS: the origin or mode of formation of something.

DESIRE: a strong feeling of wanting to have something or wishing something to happen.

LEARN: gain or acquire knowledge of or skill in (something) by study, experience or being taught.

Mon Apr 12, 2021 5:01 pm

PROCESS: a series of actions or steps taken in order to achieve a particular end. 

RECONSTRUCT: build or form something again after it has been damaged or destroyed. 

MEDITATE: to think deeply or focus ones mind for a period of time in silence.

OPPOSITE: having a position on the other or further side of something.

OTHER: used to refer to a person or thing that is different or distinct from one already mentioned or known about.

Mon Apr 12, 2021 5:18 pm

CONSTRUCT: to build or erect something, usually a building, road or machine.

INTERPRET: explain the meaning of information, words or actions.

CREATE: bring something into existence. 

SHARE: a part of a larger amount which is divided among a number of people. 

EXCHANGE: the act of giving one thing and receiving another in return. 

STRUCTURE: the arrangement of and relations between the parts of elements of something complex.

ASSIGNMENT: a task or piece of work assigned to someone as part of a job or course of study.

BALANCE: an even distribution of weight allowing someone to remain upright and steady.

COORDINATE: bring the different elements of an activity or organization into a relationship that will ensure harmony. 

TEXTUAL: relating to a text or texts.

EVOKE: bring or recall to the conscious mind.

BEGET: when a man and woman bring a child into existence through reproduction.

ENTITY: a thing with distinct and independent existence.

ETCHING: a print produced by the process of etching.

VALUE: the importance, worth or usefulness of something. 

CREATE: to bring something into existence.

CLICHE: a phrase or opinion that is overused and betrays a lack of original thought.

Mon Apr 12, 2021 5:33 pm

SEARCH: try to find something by looking or otherwise seeking carefully and thoroughly.

IDEA: a thought or suggestion as to a possible course of action.

FACT: a thing that is indisputably the case, 100% true.

WAY: a method, style, or manner of doing something.

DERIVE: obtain something from (a specified source).

SATISFACTION: fulfillment of one's wishes, expectations, or needs, or the pleasure derived from this.

VALUE: the importance, worth or usefulness of something.

CO-EXIST: to exist at the same time or in the same place.

VISUAL: relating to seeing or sight. 

NAVIGATE: plan and direct the route or course of a ship, aircraft, or other form of transportation, especially by using instruments or maps.

FLOW: (of a fluid, gas, or electricity) move along or out steadily and continuously in a current or stream.

OMNILATERAL: facing or directed all ways; representing all points of view; having all or very many aspects or components.

BANAL: so lacking in originality as to be obvious and boring.

FLEXIBLE: capable of bending easily without breaking. 

ADAPT: make (something) suitable for a new use or purpose; modify.

CONVERSION: the act or an instance of converting or the process of being converted.

RAPID: happening in a short time or at a fast pace.

MOBILITY: the ability to move or be moved freely and easily.

ENTERPRISE: a project or undertaking, typically one that is difficult or requires effort.

SURVIVE: continue to live or exist, especially in spite of danger or hardship.

Mon Apr 12, 2021 5:47 pm

SYNTAX: the arrangement of words and phrases to create well-formed sentences in a language.

SORT: a category of things or people having some common feature; a type.

SIFT: examine (something) thoroughly so as to isolate that which is most important or useful.

SELECT: carefully choose as being the best or most suitable.

CATEGORY: a class or division of people or things regarded as having particular shared characteristics.

LABEL: a classifying phrase or name applied to a person or thing, especially one that is inaccurate or restrictive.

ARBITRARY: based on random choice or personal whim, rather than any reason or system. 

MUTATE: change or cause to change in form or nature.

MERGE: combine or cause to combine to form a single entity.

MORPH: change smoothly from one image to another by small gradual steps using computer animation techniques.

FORM: the visible shape or configuration of something.

STRUCTURE: he arrangement of and relations between the parts or elements of something complex.

DEEP: extending far down from the top or surface.

UNDERSTANDING: he ability to understand something; comprehension.

SUBSTITUTION: the action of replacing someone or something with another person or thing.

CREATIVE: relating to or involving the imagination or original ideas, especially in the production of an artistic work.

EXPRESSION: the process of making known one's thoughts or feelings.

MEANING: what is meant by a word, text, concept, or action.

INTERPRETATION: the action of explaining the meaning of something.

DECONSTRUCTION: a method of critical analysis of philosophical and literary language which emphasizes the internal workings of language and conceptual systems, the relational quality of meaning, and the assumptions implicit in forms of expression.

Mon Apr 12, 2021 6:01 pm

DEVELOP: grow or cause to grow and become more mature, advanced, or elaborate.

PRACTICE: the actual application or use of an idea, belief, or method as opposed to theories about such application or use.

PROCESS: a series of actions or steps taken in order to achieve a particular end.

PATHWAY: a way that constitutes or serves as a path.

DISCOURSE: written or spoken communication or debate.

LEARNING: the acquisition of knowledge or skills through experience, study, or by being taught.

BOUNDARY: a line that marks the limits of an area; a dividing line.

IMMERSE: dip or submerge in a liquid.

EVENT: a thing that happens, especially one of importance.

UNDERSTANDING: the ability to understand something; comprehension.

VEXING: to make (someone) feel annoyed, frustrated, or worried, especially with trivial matters.

COMPARE: estimate, measure, or note the similarity or dissimilarity between

COPY: a thing made to be similar or identical to another.

DIFFERENCE: a point or way in which people or things are not the same.

PERIPHERAL: relating to or situated on the edge or periphery of something. 

VISION: the faculty or state of being able to see.

ENHANCE: intensify, increase, or further improve the quality, value, or extent of.

VALUE: he regard that something is held to deserve; the importance, worth, or usefulness of something.

Mon Apr 12, 2021 6:19 pm

IMPLICIT: essentially or very closely connected with; always to be found in.

IMAGE: a representation of the external form of a person or thing in art.

INSIGHT: he capacity to gain an accurate and deep intuitive understanding of a person or thing.

PERSEPECTIVE: a particular attitude toward or way of regarding something; a point of view.

ASSUMPTION: a thing that is accepted as true or as certain to happen, without proof.

TRAP: a device or enclosure designed to catch and retain animals, typically by allowing entry but not exit or by catching hold of a part of the body.

IMAGINATION: the faculty or action of forming new ideas, or images or concepts of external objects not present to the senses.

METAPHORICAL-THINKING: thinking in terms of comparing two things that in reality are not the same. 

WORD: a single distinct meaningful element of speech or writing, used with others (or sometimes alone) to form a sentence and typically shown with a space on either side when written or printed.

RELATION: the way in which two or more concepts, objects, or people are connected; a thing's effect on or relevance to another.

JOURNEY: an act of traveling from one place to another.

EMBARK: go on board a ship, aircraft, or other vehicle.

RESPONSE: a verbal or written answer.

MULTITUDE: a large number.

SOLITUDE: the state or situation of being alone.

IMMERSION: the action of immersing someone or something in a liquid.

FRAGMENTARY: consisting of small parts that are disconnected or incomplete.

MODEL: a three-dimensional representation of a person or thing or of a proposed structure, typically on a smaller scale than the original.

RESISTANCE: the refusal to accept or comply with something; the attempt to prevent something by action or argument.

SINGULAR: denoting or referring to just one person or thing.

UNIVERSAL: of, affecting, or done by all people or things in the world or in a particular group; applicable to all cases.

COMMUNION: the sharing or exchanging of intimate thoughts and feelings, especially when the exchange is on a mental or spiritual level.

 Mon Apr 12, 2021 6:32 pm

THOUGHT: an idea or opinion produced by thinking, or occurring suddenly in the mind.

LEADER: the person who leads or commands a group, organization, or country.

ROLE: the function assumed or part played by a person or thing in a particular situation.

GROWTH: the process of increasing in physical size.

MENTAL: relating to the mind.

STRUCTURE: the arrangement of and relations between the parts or elements of something complex.

COMMUNICATION: the imparting or exchanging of information or news.

ESSENCE: the intrinsic nature or indispensable quality of something, especially something abstract, that determines its character.

TRANSLATION: a written or spoken rendering of the meaning of a word, speech, book, or other text, in another language.

JUXTAPOSE: place or deal with close together for contrasting effect.

OBSERVATION: the action or process of observing something or someone carefully or in order to gain information.

PARTICIPATE: to take part of something. 

SINGULAR: denoting or referring to just one person or thing.

SIMULTANEOUS: occurring, operating, or done at the same time.

ENCOUNTER: an unexpected or casual meeting with someone or something.

INSIGHT: the capacity to gain an accurate and deep intuitive understanding of a person or thing.

CONTEXT: the circumstances that form the setting for an event, statement, or idea, and in terms of which it can be fully understood and assessed.

BE: exist.

BECOME: begin to be.

GENERATIVE: relating to or capable of production or reproduction.

FOCUS: the center of interest or activity.

MINUTE: a period of time equal to sixty seconds or a sixtieth of an hour.

WHOLE: all of; entire.

PATTERN: a repeated decorative design.

ATTENTION: notice taken of someone or something; the regarding of someone or something as interesting or important.

CURIOSITY: a strong desire to know or learn something.

WONDER: desire or be curious to know something.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/8/2021 13:49:12
Subject: vocabulary as learning cycles
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are doing well.

Please see Lance Waranis’s postings on “vocabulary" in his fishbowl as a recent example.

Lance Waranis shows the dynamic interplay between the main dimensions of any research when taking an action research approach.

The dimensions are interactive, always open to revision as his learning develops. 

He goes onto generate and refine questions or issues and find appropriate ways to explore them.

In all your fishbowls, we see how individual learning is fed from one phase of inquiry into new questions and inquiry processes for the next phase, in emergent, strategic design. In other words, the experience in each of your fishbowls, where even silence speaks, happens as learning cycles, with periodic reviews informing and shaping each next cycle, rather than being wholly intellectually pre-determined at the outset.

Any feature of your researching can be radically reviewed and changed, as an inherent, iterative quality process. 

Sanjiv

FEATURE, INHERENT, CYCLE, PHASE, DEVELOPMENT, VOCABULARY, DYNAMIC, INTERPLAY

from the fishbowl...

lancewaranis

Posts: 92

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 8:55 pm

Thu Apr 01, 2021 5:25 pm

Multiplicity: a large number.

Materiality: the quality or character of being material or composed of matter.

Variability: lack of consistency or fixed pattern; liability to vary or change.

Appear: come into sight; become visible or noticeable, typically without visible agent or apparent cause.

Disappear: cease to be visible.

Coincide: occur at or during the same time.

lancewaranis

Posts: 92

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 8:55 pm

Re: Vocabulary

Mon Apr 05, 2021 7:34 pm

Emergent: in the process of coming into being or becoming prominent.

Interface: a point where two systems, subjects, organizations, etc. meet and interact.

Inquiry: an act of asking for information.

Connection: a relationship in which a person, thing, or idea is linked or associated with something else.

lancewaranis

Posts: 92

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 8:55 p

Thu Apr 08, 2021 12:20 am

Dual: consisting of two parts, elements, or aspects.

Fuse: join or blend to form a single entity.

Theory: a supposition or a system of ideas intended to explain something, especially one based on general principles independent of the thing to be explained.

Practice: the actual application or use of an idea, belief, or method, as opposed to theories relating to it.

Involvement: the fact or condition of being involved with or participating in something.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/8/2021 13:47:58
Subject: vocabulary as learning cycles
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are doing well.

Please see Lance Waranis’s postings on “vocabulary" in his fishbowl as a recent example.

Lance Waranis shows the dynamic interplay between the main dimensions of any research when taking an action research approach.

The dimensions are interactive, always open to revision as his learning develops. 

He goes onto generate and refine questions or issues and find appropriate ways to explore them.

In all your fishbowls, we see how individual learning is fed from one phase of inquiry into new questions and inquiry processes for the next phase, in emergent, strategic design. In other words, the experience in each of your fishbowls, where even silence speaks, happens as learning cycles, with periodic reviews informing and shaping each next cycle, rather than being wholly intellectually pre-determined at the outset.

Any feature of your researching can be radically reviewed and changed, as an inherent, iterative quality process. 

Sanjiv

FEATURE, INHERENT, CYCLE, PHASE, DEVELOPMENT, VOCABULARY, DYNAMIC, INTERPLAY

from the fishbowl...

lancewaranis

Posts: 92

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 8:55 pm

Thu Apr 01, 2021 5:25 pm

Multiplicity: a large number.

Materiality: the quality or character of being material or composed of matter.

Variability: lack of consistency or fixed pattern; liability to vary or change.

Appear: come into sight; become visible or noticeable, typically without visible agent or apparent cause.

Disappear: cease to be visible.

Coincide: occur at or during the same time.

lancewaranis

Posts: 92

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 8:55 pm

Re: Vocabulary

Mon Apr 05, 2021 7:34 pm

Emergent: in the process of coming into being or becoming prominent.

Interface: a point where two systems, subjects, organizations, etc. meet and interact.

Inquiry: an act of asking for information.

Connection: a relationship in which a person, thing, or idea is linked or associated with something else.

lancewaranis

Posts: 92

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 8:55 p

Thu Apr 08, 2021 12:20 am

Dual: consisting of two parts, elements, or aspects.

Fuse: join or blend to form a single entity.

Theory: a supposition or a system of ideas intended to explain something, especially one based on general principles independent of the thing to be explained.

Practice: the actual application or use of an idea, belief, or method, as opposed to theories relating to it.

Involvement: the fact or condition of being involved with or participating in something.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/7/2021 20:44:11
Subject: action learning (345)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

All your postings in the fishbowl are products of an action-learning style of research that evolved as a result of your attempts to develop a possible social among yourselves.

I wish to describe the basic principles as well as the status of the ideas and knowledge that you have generated so that you may repeat the process in the future to your advantage.

Your Action-learning approach to research is built on the idea that it is possible for the research process to have a dual objective in (a) trying to produce useful research knowledge while (b) using a process that can help the people involved in the research gain a better understanding of their situations.

Please fact check the fishbowl. 

As the term “action learning” suggests, you are seeking to combine action and learning, to create a situation whereby everyone involved (in the fishbowl) learns while doing. Please see Hannah Veltry’s postings below as an excellent example. As such, her posting provides an ideal style of research for people, such as myself or senior managers, who are concerned to fuse the development of theory and practice and who wish to understand more about their organizations through some kind of direct involvement and problem-solving activity rather than detached academic observations we dish out in business schools.

Your approach is most often used in problem-oriented contexts where the leader/researcher is asked to help explore a problem or set of issues or to unlock some kind of new initiative.

Sanjiv

DUAL, OBJECTIVE, FUSE, THEORY, PRACTICE, INVOLVEMENT

from the fishbowl...

hannahveltry

Posts: 112

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 10:47 am

Hermeneutic Perspective

Tue Mar 02, 2021 10:36 am

Hermeneutic Perspective:

“ Hermeneutics is the study of interpretation. Hermeneutics plays a role in a number of disciplines whose subject matter demands interpretative approaches, characteristically, because the disciplinary subject matter concerns the meaning of human intentions, beliefs, and actions, or the meaning of human experience as it is preserved in the arts and literature, historical testimony, and other artifacts.”

“Within philosophy, however, hermeneutics typically signifies, first, a disciplinary area and, second, the historical movement in which this area has been developed.”

Disciplinary: of or relating to a particular field of study

Movement: a group of people working together to advance their shared political, social, or artistic ideas

When I read the last sentence in quotations, I cannot help but draw parallels to Iris Young’s theory of ethics. Iris Young shaped a theory of ethics around the “Five Faces of Oppression”. Oppression was traditionally seen as an exercise of tyranny by a controlling group over others. In the 60s and 70s, a movement shifted society’s view on oppression to one that recognizes the disadvantages and injustices some people experience because of everyday practices within society, not because they are being ruled by a tyrannical power.

This parallel exists in all other disciplines as well. Historical movement drives historical change. When you think about great advances in certain disciplines (medicine, science, etc) can we not see the same likeness?

hannahveltry

Posts: 112

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 10:47 am

Social Construction of Reality 

Tue Mar 02, 2021 10:44 am

Social Construction of Reality:

In 1966 sociologists Peter Berger and Thomas Luckmann wrote a book called The Social Construction of Reality. In it, they argued that society is created by humans and human interaction, which they call habitualization. Habitualization describes how “any action that is repeated frequently becomes cast into a pattern, which can then be … performed again in the future in the same manner and with the same economical effort” (Berger and Luckmann 1966). Not only do we construct our own society but we also accept it as it is because others have created it before us. Society is, in fact, “habit.”

Individuals create habits through consistent repetition. Individuals create society through this reiteration. Habits of society form individuals. Individuals create society, society creates individuals. We are all connected.

hannahveltry

Posts: 112

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 10:47 am

Immersive Technologies

Thu Mar 11, 2021 11:06 am

Immersive technologies create distinct experiences by merging the physical world with a digital or simulated reality. Augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR) are two principal types of immersive technologies

Physical: relating to things perceived through the senses as opposed to the mind

Virtual: not physically existing as such but made by software to appear to do so.

Physical existence is tangible, concrete. Something you can touch, feel, see. Recognition of the physical being requires presence of mind. Similar to my analogy of image and emotion, separation of the emotion is necessary for the perception of the physical. It is necessary because we cannot see the physical as is when we include our felt experiences. That is when the physical becomes altered by our feelings and interpretations. They no longer exist as is.

Virtual existence is intangible. It is malleable. Virtual experience is fueled by falsehoods and felt experiences. It is not a true representation of existence. This intangible world is often distorted by desires and emotions. 

So how do we create a virtual world of authenticity to reflect the physical existence of reality? When we are authentic with in our beings, and ourselves, we are able to lead a life of truth, without comparisons to others. This allows us to mirror this authenticity in the virtual world, as we are in the fishbowl. This is not social media. We are connecting with our true beings, without images, without judgement, and creating a virtual world reflective of physical existence.

hannahveltry

Posts: 112

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 10:47 am

Present Moment Awareness

 Fri Mar 12, 2021 12:06 pm

Being in the present moment, or the “here and now,” means that we are aware and mindful of what is happening at this very moment. We are not distracted by ruminations on the past or worries about the future, but centered in the here and now. ... It is the point between past and future

Present: existing or occurring now. Also: fully focused on or involved in what one is doing or experiencing.

Past: occurring before and leading up to the time of speaking or writing.

Future: the time or a period of time following the moment of speaking or writing; time regarded as still to come.

The past is not easily forgotten. Those previous experiences shape the present self. It is easy to draw connections between new experiences and past ones, and allow the past to influence the present. The past is known. I have lived it. I know every detail in actuality. There is no doubt as to its occurrence. The future is filled with uncertainty, confusion and doubt. 

Present moment awareness is about separating the self from the past felt experiences and the uncertainty of the future, and seeing the here and now for what is, not seeing our interpretations muddled by thoughts of past and future.

hannahveltry

Posts: 112

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 10:47 am

Individual's Sense-Making

Tue Mar 16, 2021 1:58 pm

Individual's sense-making: is the process by which people give meaning to their collective experiences. It has been defined as "the ongoing retrospective development of plausible images that rationalize what people are doing"

Why are we here in the fishbowl? Why are we here on this Earth? 

Rationalize: attempt to explain or justify (one's own or another's behavior or attitude) with logical, plausible reasons, even if these are not true or appropriate

Development: the process of maturing or growing

It is natural to seek rationalization. Constantly looking to understand. But in this exploration for answers, the truth is not always found. Simply put, there is not always an answer or explanation to an event. Sometimes, it just is what it is. It is only through personal development that we can recognize this. The constant search for rationalization or logic in a situation can drive a person mad. It creates falsehoods and excuses. Develop acceptance. Acceptance to take events as they are, without the need to internalize and explanation.

hannahveltry

Posts: 112

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 10:47 am

Metaphorical Thinking

Tue Mar 23, 2021 2:00 pm

Metaphorical thinking: is a substitutional mental process in which implicit comparisons are made between qualities of objects which are usually considered in separate classifications.

Implicit: implied though not plainly expressed.

Substitutional: the act, process, or result of replacing one thing for another

There has been much talk about the impression words have on others. They are open to interpretation because of their many meanings. Left to ambiguity, words are implicit, not direct. That is the beauty of the metaphorical thinking process. So many ways to see something, a panopticon where all outer points experience their own interpretation. 

It is the substitutional process that creates this implicit meaning within words. If spoken directly, words have one meaning, one interpretation. “Go to bed”, I tell my kids. They don’t question the meaning. With the slip of the tongue, I tell them it is time for bed, and they no longer scurry off. 

I am here and you are there, but here we are together.

hannahveltry

Posts: 112

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 10:47 am

Phenomenology

Fri Apr 02, 2021 11:39 am

Phenomenology: Phenomenology is the philosophical study of the structures of experience and consciousness.

Experience: an event or occurrence that leaves an impression on someone.

Consciousness: the awareness or perception of something by a person.

Life is a series of experiences. Some far more impactful than others, but all experiences are strung together; connected. Consciousness of these experiences is what determines their effect. Often we remain unconscious to what is happening until the experience has passed. Awoken and conscious we can truly understand and see what has occurred. Are you conscious within the fishbowl? Or are you going through the motions? Are you experiencing the effects, or allowing the moments to pass you by? Presence and awareness help guide the conscious to full comprehension of the experience.

hannahveltry

Posts: 112

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 10:47 am

Knowledge Workers

 Fri Apr 02, 2021 11:45 am

Knowledge workers are workers whose main capital is knowledge. Examples include programmers, physicians, pharmacists, architects, engineers, scientists, design thinkers, public accountants, lawyers, and academics, whose job is to "think for a living".

Knowledge is an asset. Here to think, not just repeat motions. How do you demonstrate your asset to potential employers? How to prove in a brief moment of time that you are worth the gamble and should be selected for a position. Think ahead, plan. Know. Think critically, problem solve, multitask, we’ve heard it all. Strategize and demonstrate practical application of knowledge, not just regurgitate textbooks set before you.

hannahveltry

Posts: 112

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 10:47 am

Vygotsky Language and Thought

Fri Apr 02, 2021 11:58 am

“Vygotsky believed that language and thought initially have different roots but converge during the course of development and are influenced bi-directionally thereafter “

Language: the principal method of human communication, consisting of words used in a structured and conventional way and conveyed by speech, writing, or gesture

Thought: an idea or opinion produced by thinking, or occurring suddenly in the mind.

Language is verbal, speech or even gestures. A communication of ideas. Thought it everything in between. Thoughts incited by communication and words. Sparked by language, the mind runs wild with fire. Communicating thoughts is a whole nother concept. Putting abstract thought onto paper makes it concrete. The thought stops dancing in that moment. It’s impact solidified. Maybe others can take it from there.

hannahveltry

Posts: 112

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 10:47 am

Immaterial Labor

Tue Apr 06, 2021 11:40 am

immaterial labor: "Immaterial labor is an academic term used to describe the affective and cognitive commodities produced by work that exist outside the traditional wage-based consideration of labor as a material-commodity-producing activity, as well as the activity of producing this new form of commodity.

Cognitive: of, relating to, being, or involving conscious intellectual activity (such as thinking, reasoning, or remembering)

Labor: work, especially hard physical work.

Knowledge is immaterial labor. It is intangible, untouchable, but there. In business, knowledge is one of the most, if not the most, important commodity one can contribute. Labor is often thought of as hard physical labor. But it is much more than that. Cognitive labor extends beyond basic knowledge and includes the four characteristics that were explored in “Truth Seekers and Knowledge Workers” (March 10, 2021)

1. Integrated networking structure

2. Dynamic decision-making

3. Adaptive coordination mechanisms

4. Unique innovation capabilities

Anyone can get good grades, pass a test and acquire basic knowledge through school and life. Companies and hiring agents look beyond this. Practical knowledge is simply a basis. They are looking beyond that. Developing and understanding these characteristics are what sets one candidate apart from the rest.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/16/2021 21:29:49
Subject: Assignment on Outsourced: Values in the Workplace (448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

To enter the conversation and discourse of the fishbowl, you have to remember that it is a state of mind. 

You have discovered that by now I trust. 

The best way to enter any state of mind is to put some rituals in place. 

One important ritual is to connect with the sentence you last wrote and understood. 

Keeping the thread. Or, reading the previous two letters and getting back on track.

What have Anita Seraichyk’s posting below got to do with culture and international business?

What is the worth of following a practice of Taking and Making Notes, 

and then, 

Deciphering them, 

only to be 

Sharing them in a social group,

which is 

a random assemblage of singular individual beings,

who can’t be seen, but are out there watching.

Here’s how I visualize it: Sending out your postings (labor) in unknown and unchartered territory where flexible and porous boundaries of thoughts exist in a living, organic space.

Let’s get some theory behind the practice.

Always important to do that. 

What are the theoretical foundations being expressed above.

II.

We are knowledge workers in a 'knowledge based economy.’ Please google the term.

How do we create knowledge?

How do we create value?

III.

The goal is to understand Hofstede’s dimensions for classifying differences in national culture, so that we are prepared to do business in other cultures. 

You can google details of the study conducted by Hofstede. 

Hofstede’s research findings came up with the dimensions posted by Anita Seraichyk below.

Watch the film ‘Outsourced.’ Google the making of the film. The antenarrative. 

It’s a true story of John Jeffcoat and he even visited URI and talked about his film.

Your goal is to understand differences in cultures by keeping each of Hofstede's dimensions in mind (study their definitions beforehand) and, juxtaposing the dimensions onto the film Outsourced which captures the Hero’s journey in India.

Post your reflections on each of the dimensions listed. That is, 

write out the definition and, 

take an example from the film and, 

also from your own life/culture.

Keep it Simple.

Outsourced

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pFOnJ4i7yBC7AWbzmdR7TlZ_cINUvBMl/view?usp=sharing

Sanjiv

DIMENSION, UNCHARTERED, UNKNOWN, TERRITORY

from the fishbowl...

anitaseraichyk

Posts: 151

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 2:24 pm

Sat Mar 13, 2021 8:24 pm

Geert Hofstede:

Professor Geert Hofstede conducted one of the most comprehensive studies of how values in the workplace are influenced by culture. He defines culture as “the collective programming of the mind distinguishing the members of one group or category of people from others”.

The Hofstede model of national culture consists of six dimensions. The cultural dimensions represent independent preferences for one state of affairs over another that distinguish countries (rather than individuals) from each other.

The country scores on the dimensions are relative, in that we are all human and simultaneously we are all unique. In other words, culture can only be used meaningfully by comparison. The model consists of the following dimensions:

POWER DISTANCE INDEX (PDI)

This dimension expresses the degree to which the less powerful members of a society accept and expect that power is distributed unequally. The fundamental issue here is how a society handles inequalities among people.

People in societies exhibiting a large degree of Power Distance accept a hierarchical order in which everybody has a place and which needs no further justification. In societies with low Power Distance, people strive to equalize the distribution of power and demand justification for inequalities of power.

INDIVIDUALISM VERSUS COLLECTIVISM (IDV)

The high side of this dimension, called Individualism, can be defined as a preference for a loosely-knit social framework in which individuals are expected to take care of only themselves and their immediate families.

Its opposite, Collectivism, represents a preference for a tightly-knit framework in society in which individuals can expect their relatives or members of a particular ingroup to look after them in exchange for unquestioning loyalty. A society’s position on this dimension is reflected in whether people’s self-image is defined in terms of “I” or “we.”

MASCULINITY VERSUS FEMININITY (MAS)

The Masculinity side of this dimension represents a preference in society for achievement, heroism, assertiveness, and material rewards for success. Society at large is more competitive. Its opposite, Femininity, stands for a preference for cooperation, modesty, caring for the weak, and quality of life. Society at large is more consensus-oriented.

In the business context, Masculinity versus Femininity is sometimes also related to as “tough versus tender” cultures.

UNCERTAINTY AVOIDANCE INDEX (UAI)

The Uncertainty Avoidance dimension expresses the degree to which the members of a society feel uncomfortable with uncertainty and ambiguity. The fundamental issue here is how a society deals with the fact that the future can never be known: should we try to control the future or just let it happen?

Countries exhibiting strong UAI maintain rigid codes of belief and behavior, and are intolerant of unorthodox behavior and ideas. Weak UAI societies maintain a more relaxed attitude in which practice counts more than principles.

LONG TERM ORIENTATION VERSUS SHORT TERM NORMATIVE ORIENTATION (LTO)

Every society has to maintain some links with its own past while dealing with the challenges of the present and the future. Societies prioritize these two existential goals differently.

Societies who score low on this dimension, for example, prefer to maintain time-honored traditions and norms while viewing societal change with suspicion.

Those with a culture that scores high, on the other hand, take a more pragmatic approach: they encourage thrift and efforts in modern education as a way to prepare for the future.

In the business context, this dimension is referred to as “(short-term) normative versus (long-term) pragmatic” (PRA). In the academic environment, the terminology Monumentalism versus Flexhumility is sometimes also used.

INDULGENCE VERSUS RESTRAINT (IVR)

Indulgence stands for a society that allows relatively free gratification of basic and natural human drives related to enjoying life and having fun. Restraint stands for a society that suppresses gratification of needs and regulates it by means of strict social norms.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/16/2021 18:31:03
Subject: about 345
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Hannah,

Thank you for your email and your question. Yes, Kinky Boots is coming up, but we are waiting on it. The film has to do with becoming a global organization from a mechanistic one like Strictly Ballroom.

I first need to complete the steps (10) to the knowledge creation that you are woking on: that is, the characteristics of successful global enterprises. 

Perceptual categories and dichotomies have to be understood anew.

The pause is for the class to catch-up plus, I am working on the conference abstract and it is not getting traction right now, but I have faith it will come together in the end. The 18th is the deadline. You are part of it along with others.

Staying with it,

Sanjiv

On Mar 16, 2021, at 1:30 PM, Hannah Veltry <hannah_veltry@uri.edu> wrote:

Good afternoon, Professor.

As I delve into the latest letters in the fishbowl, I am looking at symbols, images and how they interrelate.

But as I am catching up, I am noticing a reference to films in "About Symbols". Pulling images and metaphoric representations. I know there was a reference earlier on to Kinky Boots coming next. Are we supposed to be watching that now? I may have missed an email in the mix. Or was that just foreshadowing what is to come?

Thank you.

Sincerely,

Hannah Veltry

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/15/2021 16:03:59
Subject: truth seekers and truth procedures
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Please read Emma Borme’s posting below as an example of an "event” and “truth-procedure.” It is knowledge building by "knowledge workers" (please google) in the fishbowl, who are living on the edge and walking the cliffs of the heart.

Whenever you feel a lull in the fishbowl emanating from my postings, then it is a signal for you to catch-up, before I proceed forward...until I let go, and the caravan moves on with a backward glance... (image from Lawrence of Arabia, one of my avatars).

I have three days to come up with an abstract of 3,500 words representing the work that some of you are doing and, along with your co-authorship, submit it to the next accredited international conference. Even if rejected, like last semester, you will have a mark on your resumes which will be viewed positively.

I am thinking of starting with Badiou’s concept of truth-seeking which you are familiar with and have been following in your fishbowl.

"In Badiou’s theory, Truth is closely connected to Events. Basically, a Truth is a particular set of statements and discourses which are set off by an Event, and follow from it. A Truth is always the “truth of a particular situation”. It is the truth of the situation because it speaks from or about the excluded part. A Truth is never recognisable by the state of the situation – including the dominant regime of knowledge. However, a Truth is only the truth for its particular situation. It is only the truth because this particular part is currently excluded. Past Truths are not less true than today’s. It is just that today’s truths are more true “for us” – more immediately pressing."

Sanjiv

SEEK, PROCEDURE, TRUTH, EVENT, "KNOWLEDGE WORKER"

from the fishbowl...

emmaborme

Posts: 36

Joined: Thu Feb 04, 2021 6:01 pm

Sun Mar 14, 2021 9:16 pm

"We are constructing textual realities.

Simulated realities. I can see your avatar.

On the fly leaving fragments blowing in the wind."

avatar-an icon or figure representing a particular person in video games, internet forums, etc

in Hinduism- a manifestation of a deity or released soul in bodily form on earth, an incarnate divine teacher

fragments- small part broken or separated off something 

an isolated or incomplete part of something 

This letter in particular grasped my attention because it discussed our class in the fishbowl as a team creating textual realities. Prior to shaping our text in the fishbowl, our individual textual realities were shaped through writing in journals or blogs, what we read, and other content we were creating. While our avatars are active each week, reading, interpreting, and writing, our avatars are not only icons, but also our personalities. Our avatars are stagnant and appearing a fraction of the time as we reveal our fragmented concepts as wholistic text. The segments of our thoughts are molded together to form cohesive notions and thoughts written as posts. The fragments on our mind are written as a response to thought-provoking segment sent directly to our email.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/15/2021 16:03:13
Subject: truth seekers and truth procedures
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Please read Emma Borme’s posting below as an example of an "event” and “truth-procedure.” It is knowledge building by "knowledge workers" (please google) in the fishbowl, who are living on the edge and walking the cliffs of the heart.

Whenever you feel a lull in the fishbowl emanating from my postings, then it is a signal for you to catch-up, before I proceed forward...until I let go, and the caravan moves on with a backward glance... (image from Lawrence of Arabia, one of my avatars).

I have three days to come up with an abstract of 3,500 words representing the work that some of you are doing and, along with your co-authorship, submit it to the next accredited international conference. Even if rejected, like last semester, you will have a mark on your resumes which will be viewed positively.

I am thinking of starting with Badiou’s concept of truth-seeking which you are familiar with and have been following in your fishbowl.

"In Badiou’s theory, Truth is closely connected to Events. Basically, a Truth is a particular set of statements and discourses which are set off by an Event, and follow from it. A Truth is always the “truth of a particular situation”. It is the truth of the situation because it speaks from or about the excluded part. A Truth is never recognisable by the state of the situation – including the dominant regime of knowledge. However, a Truth is only the truth for its particular situation. It is only the truth because this particular part is currently excluded. Past Truths are not less true than today’s. It is just that today’s truths are more true “for us” – more immediately pressing."

Sanjiv

SEEK, PROCEDURE, TRUTH, EVENT, "KNOWLEDGE WORKER"

from the fishbowl...

emmaborme

Posts: 36

Joined: Thu Feb 04, 2021 6:01 pm

Sun Mar 14, 2021 9:16 pm

"We are constructing textual realities.

Simulated realities. I can see your avatar.

On the fly leaving fragments blowing in the wind."

avatar-an icon or figure representing a particular person in video games, internet forums, etc

in Hinduism- a manifestation of a deity or released soul in bodily form on earth, an incarnate divine teacher

fragments- small part broken or separated off something 

an isolated or incomplete part of something 

This letter in particular grasped my attention because it discussed our class in the fishbowl as a team creating textual realities. Prior to shaping our text in the fishbowl, our individual textual realities were shaped through writing in journals or blogs, what we read, and other content we were creating. While our avatars are active each week, reading, interpreting, and writing, our avatars are not only icons, but also our personalities. Our avatars are stagnant and appearing a fraction of the time as we reveal our fragmented concepts as wholistic text. The segments of our thoughts are molded together to form cohesive notions and thoughts written as posts. The fragments on our mind are written as a response to thought-provoking segment sent directly to our email.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/12/2021 21:51:36
Subject: about symbols
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? When you address the letters in your fishbowls, please refer to incidents from the films you are watching. Look at scenes in the film as episodes, and use them for reference when deconstructing a sentence. Return to the film and mark the episodes out in minutes. 

Your method: You are juxtaposing images (from the films) with text (from letters) and in the act of so doing, you are sharing of yourself; how you see things.

In this letter, we have to understand how symbols work.

The true nature of any symbol is both material and imaginary: concrete reality conveying an unseen truth.

The lion for example symbolizes strength, just as the snake symbolizes cunning and the dove, peace.

The role of the symbol is to bring together and unify. Lion/strength; snake/cunning; dove/peace.

Symbols are a constant requirement, because the individual is made up of both: 

material/imaginary. 

Body/spirit.

Symbols allow us to pass from one to the other by means of an image or of a text.

By uniting body and spirit, symbols make our personal selves whole and allow us to communicate with others. 

As human beings we are both spirit and flesh, “incarnated” spirits, and we live on both levels.

Symbols act as linchpins or hinges and are essential to us.

Signs and symbols refer to a reality which transcends them.

Please interpret the films that are coming up and the ones you have seen in terms of the vocabulary (word-images and symbols) used in these letters.

It will make your understanding deeper and easier.

Sanjiv

SYMBOL, TRANSCEND, INCARNATE, LINCHPIN

from the fishbowl...

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/12/2021 21:50:34
Subject: about symbols
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? When you address the letters in your fishbowls, please refer to incidents from the films you are watching. Look at scenes in the film as episodes, and use them for reference when deconstructing a sentence. Return to the film and mark the episodes out in minutes. 

Your method: You are juxtaposing images (from the films) with text (from letters) and in the act of so doing, you are sharing of yourself; how you see things.

In this letter, we have to understand how symbols work.

The true nature of any symbol is both material and imaginary: concrete reality conveying an unseen truth.

The lion for example symbolizes strength, just as the snake symbolizes cunning and the dove, peace.

The role of the symbol is to bring together and unify. Lion/strength; snake/cunning; dove/peace.

Symbols are a constant requirement, because the individual is made up of both: 

material/imaginary. 

Body/spirit.

Symbols allow us to pass from one to the other by means of an image or of a text.

By uniting body and spirit, symbols make our personal selves whole and allow us to communicate with others. 

As human beings we are both spirit and flesh, “incarnated” spirits, and we live on both levels.

Symbols act as linchpins or hinges and are essential to us.

Signs and symbols refer to a reality which transcends them.

Please interpret the films that are coming up and the ones you have seen in terms of the vocabulary (word-images and symbols) used in these letters.

It will make your understanding deeper and easier.

Sanjiv

SYMBOL, TRANSCEND, INCARNATE, LINCHPIN

from the fishbowl...

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/12/2021 13:14:56
Subject: culture as a mental construct (448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this evening? 

Today we must raise fundamental questions regarding culture: 

what is it, 

what is it not, and 

how does it affect behavior?

We agree that cultural differences exist in the workplace and among us. Just look at the fishbowl.

Think of the Japanese Story. These differences are most often noticed in a particular situation, we label them as ’strange’ or different and disregard them because we have no way of classifying these peculiarities into a ‘language of culture.’ 

It is indeed difficult to find a language with which to discuss it or explore its consequences, because culture is about pervasive, deeply held and implicit beliefs and values. 

Culture does not exist in a simple and easily defined form for a specifiable number of people in a bounded area. 

And, obviously, a society does not consist of individuals with entirely uniform mental characteristics or personalities.

Culture is not a ‘thing' which can be experienced directly through the senses, just as ‘social systems’ are not directly tangible or visible. 

They are ideas constructed from within a society. 

What is culture, then:

1. A shared system of meanings 

The culture (like that of the fishbowl) dictates what groups of people pay attention to. It guides how the world is perceived, how the self experienced and how life itself is organized.

Each person carries within them learned ways of finding meaning in their experiences. In order for effective, stable and meaningful interaction to occur, people must have a shared system of meaning. There must be some common ways of understanding events and behavior and ways of anticipating how other people in your social group are likely to behave.

The intended meaning of a gesture need not coincide with the perceived meaning except where cultural identities match. It is only when the meanings do coincide that effective communication can happen.

2. Relative

There is no cultural absolute. People in different cultures perceive the world differently and have different ways of dong things, and there is no set standard for considering one group as intrinsically superior or inferior to any other. Each culture is relative to other cultures’ ways of perceiving the world and doing things.

3. Learned

Culture is derived from your social environment, not from your genetic make-up.

4. Specific to groups

Culture is a collective phenomenon that is about shared values and meanings. 

Geert Hofstede (please google his name and work) describes culture as the ‘collective programming of the mind’ which distinguishes the members of one human group from another. He further explains that culture lies between human nature on the one side and individual personality on the other.

We will be getting into Hofstede’s dimensions of culture next.

What culture is not...

It is not about individual behavior. There are wide variations in individual values and behavior within every culture.

Assignment:

Please watch the film Outsourced. The way to watch the film is to witness each scene as a separate vignette, or episode. In that way, you will be able to share where you stand in the situation you are witnessing. Observation and Interpretation. More on that coming up.

Outsourced is a true story of an American who shows up at a call-center in a small town in India. His dilemma is that he has to survive in his job, if he is to get out of there. How is he going to do it?

Outsourced

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pFOnJ4i7yBC7AWbzmdR7TlZ_cINUvBMl/view?usp=sharing

Sanjiv

VALUE, BELIEF, COLLECTIVE, PROGRAM

from the fishbowl...

collective programming...mental structures

Sent from my iPhone

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/11/2021 13:33:38
Subject: phenomenology and metaphor (345)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. We’ll soon be turning the corner (metaphor), or so it seems.

Talking about metaphors, please see Lance Waranis’ post below. Please remember, the understanding of metaphor comes and goes, and reappears as insight, upon reflection, in solitude, and always in the mind. That is my experience.

Please google Peter Sloterdijk. He has written 3 tomes on the metaphor of spheres: Bubbles, Globes, Foams.

If you were to enter the society of the fishbowl with the metaphor of spheres, your decisions and behaviors will have different outcomes.

Metaphor is culturally informed, that is, it is inter-subjective. One could easily go by it and never know it existed. 

Eyes looking at Eyes. 

We’re all Cats. 

I’m McCavity the Cat aka as Hidden Paw (please see T.S. Eliot).

And who are you today?

Metaphorical thinking (please google) and phenomenology (please google) overlap, from what I can tell.

In the fishbowl, your practice is that of the phenomenologist. 

As far as I am concerned, phenomenologists rule. 

They’re the leaders in charge. 

The one’s you admire and follow.

Who owns the future? is a visionary reckoning and necessates resistance against the effects of network technologies. 

There is an alternative to allowing technology to own our future. 

As humans we lead symbolic and metaphorical lives. 

The fishbowl is an example of it., where we enter our society as truth seekers. Please google ALain Badiou’s notion of Truth.

Please begin working on Integrated Networking Structure, and I will be writing to you where to take it from there.

If you’re not enjoying this by now, then you’re doing something wrong. Please relate every posting in the fishbowl to all the happenings around you.

We’re all in a movie because we’re watching each other on our screens. I am looking at you looking at me looking at you.

Sanjiv

ENTER, SOCIETY, PHENOMENOLOGY, VISION, RECKON

from the fishbowl...

lancewaranis

Posts: 68

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 8:55 pm

Wed Mar 10, 2021 6:22 pm

Domain and Boundary

Domain: a specified sphere of activity or knowledge.

Boundary: a limit of a subject or sphere of activity.

While careful selecting the definitions for each word that I found most appropriate to me I noticed something about these two definitions (that I selected) that caught my eye. Both obtained the world "sphere". When one thinks of this word several things come to mind. A ball, the earth, or in my instance of sphere of energy that creates an environment. Whether this be a school, a playing field, or a community in large this type of sphere describes a denoted area of energy with life, love, interaction, and liveliness occurring within it. As a Narragansett native I use to have a teacher who referred to Narragansett as the "bubble" inferring that residents here are protected from the outside world and have a bias perception on reality. While that's a whole another conversation to be had this "bubble" represented a sphere outlining the Narragansett community and everything within. And this "bubble" also featured a boundary (not physical) protecting it's residents from the outside world. 

As you can see here spheres represent areas and boundaries represent the outside of the sphere for which crossing would indicate one's no longer within the sphere. As individuals and learners we possess a sphere (a domain) of knowledge that we encompass making each of us who we are. In order to progress, develop, and change, one must go beyond the boundaries of their sphere to learn. One must explore the unknown and go outside of their comfort zones. Whether this be physically, mentally, or emotionally no progress occurs without variation and introduction to new experience.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/11/2021 0:02:30
Subject: cultures are not converging (448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? You have to keep going. Entering other structures, other worlds, other vocabularies.

We feel confusion, chaos and stress whenever we experience structures (of text and images) that are new and different.

Many of us are experiencing this in the fishbowl.

The purpose of forthcoming assignments will be to help you come to terms with the importance of cultural differences within organizations and to provide some practical insights and frameworks in order to manage these differences more successfully. 

In the workplace and on our screens, like the fishbowl, we are increasingly having to interact, manage, negotiate and compromise with people from different cultures. 

When you’re operating across several cultures, and you want your postings, philosophies, objectives, products (ideas and insights) and services (sharing of process) to be not only understood but also believed by the viewer, then you must attend to what these things mean to the people in each culture. 

However uniform we make our communications, they will not have the same meaning for individuals from different cultures.

Similarly, social technologies, like matrix structures, reward systems, performance appraisal, empowerment or consultative management, may seem uniform, but will have very different meanings to individuals from different cultures. It all depends on the cultural context.

The essence of culture is not what is visible on the surface. It is the shared way groups of people understand and interpret the world. 

These different interpretations that cultures give to their environment are crucial influences on interactions between people working and managing across cultures.

Bottom line: cultures are not converging.

Sanjiv

ATTEND, COMPROMISE, INTERPRET, DIFFERENCE, NAVIGATE, NEGOTIATE

from the fishbowl...

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/10/2021 15:30:03
Subject: truth seekers and knowledge workers
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? To post something in the fishbowl is a challenge because our process is a “truth-seeking” one. 

My particular challenge is to make it as simple as possible for you, because that's what it is: simple.

This time, we are “truth-seeking” the ‘characteristics' essential for setting up an enterprise successfully in a global society. 

In their book Managing Across Borders, Christopher Bartlett of Harvard Business School and Sumantra Ghoshal of INSEAD assert that "businesses need to organize themselves in a dramatically different way if they are to survive in a global society."

Bartlett and Ghoshal’s central argument is that successful businesses must become what the authors call a 'transnational corporation.' Such an organization has the following characteristics according to their research findings:

Integrated networking structure

Dynamic decision-making

Adaptive coordination mechanisms

Unique innovation capabilities

“Each of these characteristics implies a sophisticated understanding of and ability to manage successfully cultural differences.” (Lisa Hoecklin, "Managing Cultural Differences” p.52).

You may google these authors 

any time, and 

learn what they have to say. 

However, in the fishbowl, 

we want to experience these 4 characteristics for ourselves, 

in the now, in the present moment and,

(consequently) 

with a confident flip, 

make ourselves The Tellers and not The Told, 

when it comes to talking about the characteristics of successful global enterprises.

Please keep your experience in mind.

II.

First characteristic: Integrated networking structure

1. We are truth-seekers. 

We start from a structure and step into the unknown.

We don’t know the outcome.

We are Explorers and Discoverers 

of Mental Structures; 

that is us. 

2. The starting sentence structure provides the domain we are operating in.

Construct your domain: a word-pool. 

Gather words that symbolize, in this instance,

 

integrate 

network 

structure

It is the circle, 

the boundary of discourse. 

The limits of perception.

3. Re-structure opening structure

Select and substitute original elements

Stay within domain

Create an axiom, an adage, an abstraction

Individual's sense-making (google)

4. Felt Experience

subjective

past occurrence

happening

“It happened to me too” (Sandy in Japanese Story)

anecdotal

first person

feeling experienced

circumstantial

unverifiable

describe in one short paragraph

it has to “fit” the re-structure

critical to knowing abstract/real

There are six more steps that will follow.

In all it doesn’t take more than 45 mts. 

 

Another film also coming up.

From Strictly Ballroom to Kinky Boots.

Sanjiv

DESCRIBE, ANECDOTE, OCCURRENCE; 

FIT, AXIOM, ADAGE, ABSTRACTION; 

DOMAIN, ELEMENT; BOUNDARY, DISCOURSE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/10/2021 0:01:52
Subject: intertextual and intersubjective
------------------------------------------------------------
from the fishbowl...

He didn’t know her, he declared.

She called herself Hannah Veltry.

He thought of The Winthrop Woman.

She said to him: “Disengage the feeling to understand, but re-engage to spark thought and deeper meaning.”

He tucked it in his mind, over the years...

Sanjiv

The Society of the Spectacle

by Hannah Veltry

Tue Mar 09, 2021 3:37 pm

“You are sharing what you deciphered by posting in the fishbowl.

How do you see (image) the word?

How do you feel (emotion) about this word?”

Image: a visual representation of something

Emotion: a natural instinctive state of mind deriving from one's circumstances, mood, or relationships with others.

Images are seen with the eyes. Emotion is felt with the heart. Images insight emotion, and emotion insights (mental) images. To decipher (interpret), one must separate the images and the emotions. But the learning takes place when you connect the two back together. What are they as individuals and what are they as a unit? Disengage the feeling to understand, but re-engage to spark thought and deeper meaning.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/10/2021 0:00:27
Subject: intertextual and intersubjective
------------------------------------------------------------
from the fishbowl...

He didn’t know her, he declared.

She called herself Hannah Veltry.

He thought of The Winthrop Woman.

She said to him: “Disengage the feeling to understand, but re-engage to spark thought and deeper meaning.”

He tucked it in his mind, over the years...

Sanjiv

The Society of the Spectacle

by Hannah Veltry

Tue Mar 09, 2021 3:37 pm

“You are sharing what you deciphered by posting in the fishbowl.

How do you see (image) the word?

How do you feel (emotion) about this word?”

Image: a visual representation of something

Emotion: a natural instinctive state of mind deriving from one's circumstances, mood, or relationships with others.

Images are seen with the eyes. Emotion is felt with the heart. Images insight emotion, and emotion insights (mental) images. To decipher (interpret), one must separate the images and the emotions. But the learning takes place when you connect the two back together. What are they as individuals and what are they as a unit? Disengage the feeling to understand, but re-engage to spark thought and deeper meaning.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/9/2021 18:19:44
Subject: creating history as possibility
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this morning? The virus, as a metaphor, teaches me that to be in the moment is the best strategy to survive and sustain oneself.

For the time being, the following attributes are visible in the fishbowl at large :

they are ongoing; a living text, like life itself

they are constructing word structures

they are sharing stories in fragments

they are abstractions and felt-experiences

they are myriad, multifarious, and manifold

they are perceptual; what do you see?

they are interpretations of structures and dichotomies

they evoke images

they are unique; singular

they are the multitude

they are gestures, nuances and traces

How do they make you feel?

friendship in the field

sharing for the greater good

comfort in copying and repetition

revelatory and relational

equal and included

collective movement

What does this create?

a sense of personal growth

a sense of community

a sense of history

a sense of possibility

momentary in time

legendary and eventful

creating history as possibility (Paulo Freire)

collective movement

Please read Alyssa Botelho (448) from this perspective.

I will lay out the doings and goings-on regarding your forthcoming assignments...later

Stay with it: reflecting, ruminating, remembering. A daily practice. There is no other way.

Sanjiv

ATTRIBUTE, LEGEND, EVENT, HISTORY, CREATE 

from the fishbowl...

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 326

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

 Mon Mar 08, 2021 11:20 pm

"The conversation among individuals must be self-referential, for it creates the possibility of being internally motivated."

Conversation/Internal

CONVERSATION: chat, colloquy, converse, dialogue, discourse, discussion, exchange

INTERNAL: inner, inside, interior, inward, inmost, innermost

When there are self-referential elements in a discussion between people, it allows the people to express their innermost thoughts.

I am learning more about this as I study the craft of working with actors as a film director. Actors are very vulnerable because they are channeling deep-rooted emotions into a performance to portray a character with honest humanity. To help bring this emotion out and protect the actor as well, you must build trust. You do this by having private conversations with them about the emotional arc of their character, and by being willing to become vulnerable yourself. Sharing your own relevant stories and emotions is the technique. This opens the door for the actor to access their inner emotions as well.

AlyssaBotelho

Mon Mar 08, 2021 11:35 pm

"We must "recognize that the things that motivate, inspire and generate commitment depend on each individual’s culture of origin.""

MOTIVATE/ORIGIN

Motivate: arouse, encourage, excite, fire (up), impassion, incite, instigate, move, pique, provoke, rev (up), spark, spur, stimulate, stir

Origin: cradle, font, fountain, fountainhead, root, seedbed, source, spring, well, wellspring, germ, root, seed

Like a flower, the soil that we grow in affects the way we develop and determines the kind of flower we'll be later in life.

So much of who we are is cultivated by the culture we are raised in. The things that impassion us, excite us, drive us can be found in the environment around us. I have always lived in an artistic community. My mom got me a library card at 2 weeks old and I spent countless days at the library growing up. I am now a writer/director pursuing a career in the film industry. Of course I didn't realize it at the time, but my environment affected my choices. This is just one small example of how culture has impacted the person I am today.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/9/2021 18:18:07
Subject: creating history as possibility
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this morning? The virus, as a metaphor, teaches me that to be in the moment is the best strategy to survive and sustain oneself.

For the time being, the following attributes are visible in the fishbowl at large :

they are ongoing; a living text, like life itself

they are constructing word structures

they are sharing stories in fragments

they are abstractions and felt-experiences

they are myriad, multifarious, and manifold

they are perceptual; what do you see?

they are interpretations of structures and dichotomies

they evoke images

they are unique; singular

they are the multitude

they are gestures, nuances and traces

How do they make you feel?

friendship in the field

sharing for the greater good

comfort in copying and repetition

revelatory and relational

equal and included

collective movement

What does this create?

a sense of personal growth

a sense of community

a sense of history

a sense of possibility

momentary in time

legendary and eventful

creating history as possibility (Paulo Freire)

collective movement

Please read Alyssa Botelho (448) from this perspective.

I will lay out the doings and goings-on regarding your forthcoming assignments...later

Stay with it: reflecting, ruminating, remembering. A daily practice. There is no other way.

Sanjiv

ATTRIBUTE, LEGEND, EVENT, HISTORY, CREATE 

from the fishbowl...

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 326

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

 Mon Mar 08, 2021 11:20 pm

"The conversation among individuals must be self-referential, for it creates the possibility of being internally motivated."

Conversation/Internal

CONVERSATION: chat, colloquy, converse, dialogue, discourse, discussion, exchange

INTERNAL: inner, inside, interior, inward, inmost, innermost

When there are self-referential elements in a discussion between people, it allows the people to express their innermost thoughts.

I am learning more about this as I study the craft of working with actors as a film director. Actors are very vulnerable because they are channeling deep-rooted emotions into a performance to portray a character with honest humanity. To help bring this emotion out and protect the actor as well, you must build trust. You do this by having private conversations with them about the emotional arc of their character, and by being willing to become vulnerable yourself. Sharing your own relevant stories and emotions is the technique. This opens the door for the actor to access their inner emotions as well.

AlyssaBotelho

Mon Mar 08, 2021 11:35 pm

"We must "recognize that the things that motivate, inspire and generate commitment depend on each individual’s culture of origin.""

MOTIVATE/ORIGIN

Motivate: arouse, encourage, excite, fire (up), impassion, incite, instigate, move, pique, provoke, rev (up), spark, spur, stimulate, stir

Origin: cradle, font, fountain, fountainhead, root, seedbed, source, spring, well, wellspring, germ, root, seed

Like a flower, the soil that we grow in affects the way we develop and determines the kind of flower we'll be later in life.

So much of who we are is cultivated by the culture we are raised in. The things that impassion us, excite us, drive us can be found in the environment around us. I have always lived in an artistic community. My mom got me a library card at 2 weeks old and I spent countless days at the library growing up. I am now a writer/director pursuing a career in the film industry. Of course I didn't realize it at the time, but my environment affected my choices. This is just one small example of how culture has impacted the person I am today.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/8/2021 20:01:12
Subject: costs of cultural mismanagement (448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? We are going to take a bite out of “cultural studies.” It is worthy of your scrutiny and consideration. 

Cultural mismanagement costs the world billions of dollars in wealth, finance and lives.

There is extraordinary interdependence across cultures.

Differences among us are not going away, they are here to stay and are entrenched.

The cost of not understanding differences is getting greater and greater.

The difference among us is in the way we view the world.

The way we structure things perceptually. 

How we see things is closely identified with how we think. 

He thought she was hot.

Clearly Hiromitsu and Sandy had different structures when they met.

They are both excellent actors as you saw. Hiromitsu is the Brad Pitt of Japan, if you know what I mean (about structures).

Internationally knowledgeable companies with big names and techniques about cultural management, often have "great difficulty recognizing that the things that motivate, inspire and generate commitment depend on each individual’s culture of origin." 

I mean when you enter the fishbowl, you surely have a culture of origin. We must "recognize that the things that motivate, inspire and generate commitment depend on each individual’s culture of origin." 

When we consider cultures of origin into account, then that means different structures or separate categories or ‘modes’ of thought.

At birth, we each enter the world and, every encounter thereafter, with a pre-narrative; a culture of origin; a pre-structure, a vocabulary.

In Japanese Story, opposing attributes (structures) of west and east are made visible and are in conflict.

 

Sandy: objective, analytical, logical, consistent, impersonal, absolute and intellectual.

Hiromitsu: subjective, synthetic, non-logical, inconsistent, personal, relative and emotional.

In sum, value differences between the east and west can be seen in terms of the logical and scientific versus the instinctive and subjective. The rigid distinction between rationality and non-rationality is unique to the West whereas in the Japanese word omoi, both elements are integrated and indistinguishable. 

It is for this reason that one must proceed one word at a time, as did Sandy and Hiromitsu. Only at first, until trust and friendship are established. After that, differences don’t matter. You can do anything together, as you saw getting out of the dessert, I mean desert.

Sanjiv

INTER-DEPENDENCE, ENTRENCH, SEPARATE, ATTRIBUTE, CATEGORY, VIEW, SEE, PERCEIVE, ORIGIN, CULTURE

from the fishbowl...

dominicvolpe

Posts: 90

Joined: Tue Feb 02, 2021 7:14 pm

Mon Mar 08, 2021 11:57 am

Metaphorical lives - This is a type of thought that is free and endless. The amount of room there is here to grow could not even be put in words. Living a metaphorical life would be a life of your own free reign. Anything is possible and it is all based on your thought process and the way you think.

Sent from my iPhone

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/8/2021 14:28:05
Subject: self-referential conversation
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? We have bifurcated society (345) and culture (448) but our learning process remains, not only common, but universally true.

We self-reflect on the past. (Interpretation)

We act in the present. (Focus)

We believe in the future. (Visualize).

The above three statements are not from a book. They are mental activities. In the act of writing them, I fulfill them. Karissa Rovella in her postings does the same.

Whenever you do that, you succeed in getting the attention of your audience. Indeed, in my experience, you succeed every time. Sincerity and Authenticity are its hallmarks.

It is not difficult. It is self-referential. The motivation is not money, but internal satisfaction. 

The conversation among individuals must be self-referential, for it creates the possibility of being internally motivated.

Sanjiv

CONVERSATION, SELF-REFERENTIAL, POSSIBILITY, MOTIVATION, HALLMARK, SINCERE, AUTHENTIC

from the fishbowl...

karissa22

Posts: 40

Joined: Tue Feb 02, 2021 5:58 pm

Sat Mar 06, 2021 9:57 pm

How are we meant to deconstruct the letters we have been receiving? How do we express exactly what we are feeling in the moment? “You can do it the way it makes sense to you.” I haven’t exactly found my way in these letters yet but I know I will adapt to the format soon. Doing what makes the most sense to me means that whatever I write should bring me satisfaction, and then I would hope that others can learn from me too. The main part that matters is that I am proud of my work. As I dip my toes into a new environment, I am slowly understanding how to interpret these letters.

karissa22

Posts: 40

Joined: Tue Feb 02, 2021 5:58 pm

Sun Mar 07, 2021 11:58 pm

“What did you learn today?” There are many things that can be learned throughout the day, whether we think it's important or not. Today, I learned how to make broccoli cheddar soup. It sounds basic to most people, but for someone who does not cook often, I was very proud of the results. Living off campus this year has challenged me to cook more often than I have before. Now, I am not skilled in cooking, it has taken me time throughout the year to build up even a little bit of skill, I am still learning everyday. What's important is to understand that learning is a “process” and I always have an excitement to be able to learn something new as often as I can.

karissa22

Posts: 40

Mon Mar 08, 2021 12:33 am

“You are constructing and creating your own learning”. This class allows us to portray our own thoughts which could ultimately help us learn in the long run. Letting your thoughts flow on to paper is healthy and you never know what ideas can sprout as you go. From this we can also learn from each other

self-referential conversation...

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/8/2021 14:27:22
Subject: self-referential conversation
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? We have bifurcated society (345) and culture (448) but our learning process remains, not only common, but universally true.

We self-reflect on the past. (Interpretation)

We act in the present. (Focus)

We believe in the future. (Visualize).

The above three statements are not from a book. They are mental activities. In the act of writing them, I fulfill them. Karissa Rovella in her postings does the same.

Whenever you do that, you succeed in getting the attention of your audience. Indeed, in my experience, you succeed every time. Sincerity and Authenticity are its hallmarks.

It is not difficult. It is self-referential. The motivation is not money, but internal satisfaction. 

The conversation among individuals must be self-referential, for it creates the possibility of being internally motivated.

Sanjiv

CONVERSATION, SELF-REFERENTIAL, POSSIBILITY, MOTIVATION, HALLMARK, SINCERE, AUTHENTIC

from the fishbowl...

karissa22

Posts: 40

Joined: Tue Feb 02, 2021 5:58 pm

Sat Mar 06, 2021 9:57 pm

How are we meant to deconstruct the letters we have been receiving? How do we express exactly what we are feeling in the moment? “You can do it the way it makes sense to you.” I haven’t exactly found my way in these letters yet but I know I will adapt to the format soon. Doing what makes the most sense to me means that whatever I write should bring me satisfaction, and then I would hope that others can learn from me too. The main part that matters is that I am proud of my work. As I dip my toes into a new environment, I am slowly understanding how to interpret these letters.

karissa22

Posts: 40

Joined: Tue Feb 02, 2021 5:58 pm

Sun Mar 07, 2021 11:58 pm

“What did you learn today?” There are many things that can be learned throughout the day, whether we think it's important or not. Today, I learned how to make broccoli cheddar soup. It sounds basic to most people, but for someone who does not cook often, I was very proud of the results. Living off campus this year has challenged me to cook more often than I have before. Now, I am not skilled in cooking, it has taken me time throughout the year to build up even a little bit of skill, I am still learning everyday. What's important is to understand that learning is a “process” and I always have an excitement to be able to learn something new as often as I can.

karissa22

Posts: 40

Mon Mar 08, 2021 12:33 am

“You are constructing and creating your own learning”. This class allows us to portray our own thoughts which could ultimately help us learn in the long run. Letting your thoughts flow on to paper is healthy and you never know what ideas can sprout as you go. From this we can also learn from each other

self-referential conversation...

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/8/2021 2:19:44
Subject: attending to meaning (448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. 

I have been shunning zoom meetings, so I can pursue learning at full throttle during this period.

We learn through reflection. That is, after you have read, seen or experienced something, you learn from it upon reflection. 

Our learning is when we think about it later and, abstract from it.

We are students of life.

Sandy and Hiromitsu in Japanese Story survived, in my opinion, because they were both self-reflective.

They were both doing what we are doing in the fishbowl: attending to meaning.

If you were Baird or the CEO, what would you do to prevent the “incident” from happening?

1. First, you would make everyone in your office AWARE that we differ in social behavior and assumptions.

2. We have to learn to KNOW our differences from each other.

3. We have to learn SKILLS to communicate across our differences.

The logical sequence of awareness of differences, knowledge of differences, and skills to bridge these differences is the basis of your workbook in the syllabus.

If you can access the book, go through the exercises.

If not, then please pay particular attention to the films and my letters. My letters talk in abstract terms, and the films link you to the visual and contextual. 

More on this later.

We will soon get into dimensions and start doing specific exercises. You have the process down by now.

Please see Abigail Alvarez’ posting below. It is an example of cultural awareness through self-reflection. Hiromitsu achieved this as seen in the photograph where he is smiling with his friend Sandy.

Sanjiv

DIFFERENCE, AWARE, KNOWLEDGE, SKILL, BRIDGE, ATTEND, MEANING

from the fishbowl...

abigailalvarez

Posts: 2

Joined: Tue Feb 02, 2021 7:44 pm

Sun Mar 07, 2021 6:37 pm

: being aware of your personal surroundings and living in the moment.

In order to do this, you must remove all unneeded possessions, stop worrying about things you have to do, and just relax.

Living in the moment can help people who have high anxiety become relieved and actually smile. Forgiving and forgetting the past will relieve the person and have present moment awareness. Not dwelling on the past and not worrying will allow a person to achieve happiness in the present moment.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/7/2021 15:28:41
Subject: Japanese Story and Ethnocentricity
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you today? 

We are at an inflection point in 448.

Making a turn.

From our previous trajectory, 

I hope we learnt, if anything,

that the journey was the destination.

That is, the process was the product.

Attend to process, always.

Technology did that.

Our goal in 448 is 

cultural self-reflection,

reduce ethnocentrism, and 

experience new ways to understand one’s culture.

We are in a digital environment 

sharing reflections and situating ourselves in our accounts.

We are Eyes looking at Eyes. E2E. 

No zoom nor f2f.

We are deciphering text and discerning images.

By situating ourselves in our accounts, we develop cultural self-awareness;

the realization that we live in a culturally constructed world, and 

our behavior and understanding of the world comes from being embedded in a cultural system. 

Cultural self-awareness is necessary for us to appreciate the similarities and differences from each other.

Please keep the films in mind through out the semester. 

It is the image and the words exchanged and the context of the films that you keep in mind, and 

you bring them forth as examples of 

the theory that I am providing, 

whose vocabulary you are learning and posting.

So please read the above letter keeping Japanese Story and ethnocentrism in mind. Think of the characters. Their thoughts, their metaphors. Their misunderstandings. The play of gender, race and culture. All intersecting structures of feelings. 

Japanese Story

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1i8tHB8ID0D9-0JAQsNAjnLaxGifSOvPT/view?Jusp=sharing

People die when we can’t untangle the intersection of our structures.

I am attaching the syllabus below. It is a good time to revisit it. I am going to presume that you can access the workbook Exploring Culture. I will be explaining the book in my letters but there are some exercises which are worth doing for practicing cultural awareness. Let me know in your fishbowl.

Email me directly, if you wish, after we dig our teeth in a bit. Put on your cultural thinking cap. I will define it and all that and have a look at it.

Sanjiv

STRUCTURE, AWARENESS, INTERSECT, ETHNOCENTRIC, DECIPHER, DISCERN, SITUATE, ACCOUNT

att/

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/6/2021 15:40:57
Subject: inflection point (MGT345)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well. I miss you in the fishbowl. 

When asked to hold the thread, stay engaged, and be inspired, he raised his hand and quietly asked, for what purpose? 

If he eats right, exercises daily, reads constantly, respects elders, says his prayers and has a good night’s sleep, then what thread, engagement and inspiration does he need in a world that is visual and virtual? In such a world, what is the individual's purpose?

To reply, you could reflect upon a text and your personal experience, and say that “connectivity” is the purpose. In other words, you developed your own point-of-view; you came to your own conclusion. To lead a meaningful, reflective and experiential life, we have to learn to first develop and then share our points-of-view. More to come on this.

We’re at an inflection point in our trajectory of thoughts in 345. But here I want to highlight grades and homework assignments. We have removed the uncertainty of grades from the picture, I trust. No one gets below a B. The grade distribution moves upwards from there. I have communicated this earlier. The real competition is between A- and A. We are visible to each other in a community.

I am reproducing a portion of your syllabus that highlights grade distribution. Most of it will be familiar, and we are practicing it. We will be getting into the characteristics of transnational organizations next. We will learn experientially as to what these characteristics mean. There will be a rubric of 10 steps that will be used. Nothing outside what you are already doing.

Letters will continue, as we follow abstract ideas that lead us to unknown paths.

If things continue to look confusing or lacking structure, please don’t stress about it, so long as you are listening to what I am saying. That translates into doing what I am asking you to do. Furthermore, you’re not being asked to do it right/wrong or good/bad; just do it, period. Never difficult, and always taking your circumstances into account. 

Sanjiv

from the syllabus... 

VIII. GRADE: DISTRIBUTION

1. Transnational Organizations 40%

Four characteristics of successful transnational organizations have been identified by empirical research, viz., Integrated Networking Structures, Complex Adaptive Systems, Dynamic Decision-Making and Unique Innovative Capabilities. This is an interactive exercise done in your fishbowls where you learn experientially by performing each of the characteristics.

2. Deep Reading: Concepts, Images, Perspectives: 20%

You are developing slower and essential cognitive processes such as critical thinking, reflection, and empathy—-all parts of deep reading. What you read, how you read, and why you read what you read changes how you think. The quality of your reading is not only an index of the quality of your thought, it is the best-known path to developing whole new path-ways.

3. Deconstructing Letters: 20%

The act of taking on the perspective and feelings of others is communication effected in solitude and depicts an intimate emotional dimension within the Fishbowl experience. Through analogies, drawing inferences, and arriving at independent judgments, you learn to deconstruct text and thereby generate feelings and experiences.

4. Final: Your Visual Reality and Network Society: 20%

An experiential exercise in Visual Reality and the Network Society: “looking at yourself looking at yourself.”

IX. FINALLY: INDIVIDUATION 

Individuation, or the way you distinguish yourself from others, is always in relationship and it is a process. Individuation makes awareness, action and evaluation possible. 

At the end of the day, after it is all said and done, your grade is determined by two things: level of engagement and, creation of value. How often, how much and to what end did you develop and individuate yourself? 

To address that, you are expected to post regularly under the following Topic heads in your Fishbowl:

1. Notes: Taking and Making 

2. Vocabulary: Concepts and Word-images

3. Reading and Deconstructing Text 

4. Four Interactive Assignments

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/4/2021 13:05:59
Subject: The Fishbowl During A Pandemic
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you doing, that what you are doing? I hope you are 'working the text.' It is the tried and tested way to survive difficult situations.

Carve out a time period and institute rituals.

Being in touch with words. What does that mean, he asked.

The internet has made it possible that a single selected word can have the power to impact our lives.

Is it Red or Green?

Is it IN or OUT?

She refused to divulge against all odds.

Thumbs UP, you made it.

Thumbs DOWN, you die.

We are in a Gladiators' Arena.

We are a Catwalk

(What will she wear this time, I wondered.)

We are a Roundtable

(Knights in Armor: blue jeens and white t-shirts)

A Play Pen or a Fishbowl

We are a Chess Board.

These are metaphors, images, symbols, but always words.

In the beginning is indeed the word.

We lead metaphorical lives, you must have heard that said.

We lead symbolic lives. What does it mean?

It means that we create our living realities through a process of selecting words.

Here’s one, aka The Fishbowl During A Pandemic, and I quote:

“There’s a new and virulent cultural virus ripping through the world. The symptoms of those infected include attacks of optimism, strong feelings of community, lowered stress levels and outbreaks of pronoia: the sneaking feeling that someone is conspiring behind their backs to help them.” Jules Marshall

II.

'Present moment awareness’ (please google the term) is the technique and goal of the fishbowl. 

In the fishbowl, (every time you post, say your vocabulary) you learn to be fully aware and respectful of your own inner state while being present with other people. 

In this way, you are learning to let go of old relational habits and the self-limiting beliefs that lead you to them. 

Words evoke Emotions and, instead of being overwhelmed by them, make them a guide to who you are and what you need from life. 

As you begin to respect your feeelings and perceptions as valid, you realize you are free to live your life in a way that naturally flows from who you are. You become yourself.

Please see Nora Dougherty’s posting as an example of working her text. The doing is a practice and it is far easier than it looks or sounds. I hope you realize that by now. Be a Pro and take charge.

Sanjiv

RITUAL, PRESENCE, MOMENT, VALID, FLOW

from the fishbowl...

noradougherty

Posts: 62

Joined: Tue Feb 02, 2021 6:13 pm

The Society of The Spectacle

Wed Mar 03, 2021 12:03 pm

"Selection and Calibration of words.”

Selection - (N) the action or fact of carefully choosing someone or something as being the best or most suitable.

Calibration - (N) the action or process of calibrating an instrument or experimental readings.

Selection and calibration go hand and hand when it comes to choosing words and word structures. The selection of words is important to form impactful sentences and phrases. One word is selected and you can then use calibration in order to create a nice flowing sentence structure. 

Calibrate

mark (a gauge or instrument) with a standard scale of readings: the depth gauge is calibrated in centimeters. 

• correlate the readings of (an instrument) with those of a standard in order to check the instrument's accuracy: a separate control experiment is then carried out to calibrate the calorimeter. 

• adjust (experimental results) to take external factors into account or to allow comparison with other data: the radiocarbon results would need to be calibrated to convert them to calendar ages. 

• carefully assess, set, or adjust (something abstract): the regulators cannot properly calibrate the risks involved. 

correlate, adjust, assess

"We are Reflexive and Thought Leaders."

- Reflexive - denoting a pronoun that refers back to the subject of the clause in which it is used, e.g. myself, themselves.

Reflexive words show that the person who does the action is also the person who is affected by it: In the sentence "She prides herself on doing a good job," "prides" is a reflexive verb, and "herself" is a reflexive pronoun.

- thought - an idea or opinion produced by thinking, or occurring suddenly in the mind.

- leaders - the person who leads or commands a group, organization, or country.

Pictures:

1. selecting the word: being communal

2. self-reflexivity: being authentic

3. Society of the Spectacle (Guy Debord)

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/4/2021 13:05:19
Subject: The Fishbowl During A Pandemic
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you doing, that what you are doing? I hope you are 'working the text.' It is the tried and tested way to survive difficult situations.

Carve out a time period and institute rituals.

Being in touch with words. What does that mean, he asked.

The internet has made it possible that a single selected word can have the power to impact our lives.

Is it Red or Green?

Is it IN or OUT?

She refused to divulge against all odds.

Thumbs UP, you made it.

Thumbs DOWN, you die.

We are in a Gladiators' Arena.

We are a Catwalk

(What will she wear this time, I wondered.)

We are a Roundtable

(Knights in Armor: blue jeens and white t-shirts)

A Play Pen or a Fishbowl

We are a Chess Board.

These are metaphors, images, symbols, but always words.

In the beginning is indeed the word.

We lead metaphorical lives, you must have heard that said.

We lead symbolic lives. What does it mean?

It means that we create our living realities through a process of selecting words.

Here’s one, aka The Fishbowl During A Pandemic, and I quote:

“There’s a new and virulent cultural virus ripping through the world. The symptoms of those infected include attacks of optimism, strong feelings of community, lowered stress levels and outbreaks of pronoia: the sneaking feeling that someone is conspiring behind their backs to help them.” Jules Marshall

II.

'Present moment awareness’ (please google the term) is the technique and goal of the fishbowl. 

In the fishbowl, (every time you post, say your vocabulary) you learn to be fully aware and respectful of your own inner state while being present with other people. 

In this way, you are learning to let go of old relational habits and the self-limiting beliefs that lead you to them. 

Words evoke Emotions and, instead of being overwhelmed by them, make them a guide to who you are and what you need from life. 

As you begin to respect your feeelings and perceptions as valid, you realize you are free to live your life in a way that naturally flows from who you are. You become yourself.

Please see Nora Dougherty’s posting as an example of working her text. The doing is a practice and it is far easier than it looks or sounds. I hope you realize that by now. Be a Pro and take charge.

Sanjiv

RITUAL, PRESENCE, MOMENT, VALID, FLOW

from the fishbowl...

noradougherty

Posts: 62

Joined: Tue Feb 02, 2021 6:13 pm

The Society of The Spectacle

Wed Mar 03, 2021 12:03 pm

"Selection and Calibration of words.”

Selection - (N) the action or fact of carefully choosing someone or something as being the best or most suitable.

Calibration - (N) the action or process of calibrating an instrument or experimental readings.

Selection and calibration go hand and hand when it comes to choosing words and word structures. The selection of words is important to form impactful sentences and phrases. One word is selected and you can then use calibration in order to create a nice flowing sentence structure. 

Calibrate

mark (a gauge or instrument) with a standard scale of readings: the depth gauge is calibrated in centimeters. 

• correlate the readings of (an instrument) with those of a standard in order to check the instrument's accuracy: a separate control experiment is then carried out to calibrate the calorimeter. 

• adjust (experimental results) to take external factors into account or to allow comparison with other data: the radiocarbon results would need to be calibrated to convert them to calendar ages. 

• carefully assess, set, or adjust (something abstract): the regulators cannot properly calibrate the risks involved. 

correlate, adjust, assess

"We are Reflexive and Thought Leaders."

- Reflexive - denoting a pronoun that refers back to the subject of the clause in which it is used, e.g. myself, themselves.

Reflexive words show that the person who does the action is also the person who is affected by it: In the sentence "She prides herself on doing a good job," "prides" is a reflexive verb, and "herself" is a reflexive pronoun.

- thought - an idea or opinion produced by thinking, or occurring suddenly in the mind.

- leaders - the person who leads or commands a group, organization, or country.

Pictures:

1. selecting the word: being communal

2. self-reflexivity: being authentic

3. Society of the Spectacle (Guy Debord)

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/4/2021 1:50:29
Subject: extraordinary learning
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I came across some postings by Alana Barbosa. 

Evidence of extraordinary learning for both author and reader.

Trajectories of thought.

Tomorrow is another day. Stay safe. We need each Other.

Sanjiv

EVIDENCE, EXTRAORDINARY, LEARNING, THOUGHT, TRAJECORY

from the fishbowl...

alanabarbosa

"Taking and Making Notes from Google searches."

"Creating word structures.”

Letter: Lacing your shoes (345)

Jan 25, 2021

DELEUZE:

-Gilles Deleuze was a French philosopher

-Considered himself a metaphysician.

-Metaphysics: the branch of philosophy that examines the fundamental nature of reality, including the relationship between mind and matter, between substance and attribute, and between potentiality and actuality

-He claimed that all identities are effects of difference.

Letter: Idiom and Lexicon

Jan 27, 2021

INDRA'S NET:

-Buddhist philosophy.

- A metaphor used to illustrate the interpenetration, inter-causality, and interbeing of all things.

- Interpenetration: mix or merge together.

- Inter-causality: is the interaction between different causes and their simultaneous effects on results.

- Interbeing: (Buddhist belief) recognizes the dependence of any one person or thing as to all other people and objects.

- "Everything contains everything else."

Wed Mar 03, 2021 6:08 pm

Letter: Fishbowl technology being repaired

Feb 2, 2021

ALDOUS HUXLEY:

-Writer and philosopher

-His most famous novel is "Brave New World": a dystopian social science fiction novel.

-Dystopian: relating to or denoting an imagined state or society where there is great suffering or injustice.

- The government of Brave New World retains control by making its citizens so happy and superficially fulfilled that they don't care about their personal freedom.

LUCE IRIGARAY:

-French philosopher and cultural theorist

-Breathing with Luce Irigaray: a spiritual shift in human awareness to the needs of the other figured through breathing

-"As a way to connect body and spirit, self and other, nature and culture, and East and West, breathing emerges as the significant theological and philosophical gesture of our time."

"TO BE TWO":

-Luce Irigaray's take on the feminist redefinition of Being and Identity.

-Identity can be created or discovered, in relation to others.

OTHER/OTHERNESS:

-The result of a dominant in-group constructing one or many out-groups by stigmatizing a difference, real or imagined, presented as a negotiation of identity and thus a motive for potential discrimination.

images from the fishbowl...

Sent from my iPhone

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/4/2021 1:49:16
Subject: extraordinary learning
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I came across some postings by Alana Barbosa. 

Evidence of extraordinary learning for both author and reader.

Trajectories of thought.

Tomorrow is another day. Stay safe. We need each Other.

Sanjiv

EVIDENCE, EXTRAORDINARY, LEARNING, THOUGHT, TRAJECORY

from the fishbowl...

alanabarbosa

"Taking and Making Notes from Google searches."

"Creating word structures.”

Letter: Lacing your shoes (345)

Jan 25, 2021

DELEUZE:

-Gilles Deleuze was a French philosopher

-Considered himself a metaphysician.

-Metaphysics: the branch of philosophy that examines the fundamental nature of reality, including the relationship between mind and matter, between substance and attribute, and between potentiality and actuality

-He claimed that all identities are effects of difference.

Letter: Idiom and Lexicon

Jan 27, 2021

INDRA'S NET:

-Buddhist philosophy.

- A metaphor used to illustrate the interpenetration, inter-causality, and interbeing of all things.

- Interpenetration: mix or merge together.

- Inter-causality: is the interaction between different causes and their simultaneous effects on results.

- Interbeing: (Buddhist belief) recognizes the dependence of any one person or thing as to all other people and objects.

- "Everything contains everything else."

Wed Mar 03, 2021 6:08 pm

Letter: Fishbowl technology being repaired

Feb 2, 2021

ALDOUS HUXLEY:

-Writer and philosopher

-His most famous novel is "Brave New World": a dystopian social science fiction novel.

-Dystopian: relating to or denoting an imagined state or society where there is great suffering or injustice.

- The government of Brave New World retains control by making its citizens so happy and superficially fulfilled that they don't care about their personal freedom.

LUCE IRIGARAY:

-French philosopher and cultural theorist

-Breathing with Luce Irigaray: a spiritual shift in human awareness to the needs of the other figured through breathing

-"As a way to connect body and spirit, self and other, nature and culture, and East and West, breathing emerges as the significant theological and philosophical gesture of our time."

"TO BE TWO":

-Luce Irigaray's take on the feminist redefinition of Being and Identity.

-Identity can be created or discovered, in relation to others.

OTHER/OTHERNESS:

-The result of a dominant in-group constructing one or many out-groups by stigmatizing a difference, real or imagined, presented as a negotiation of identity and thus a motive for potential discrimination.

images from the fishbowl...

Sent from my iPhone

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/16/2021 13:25:47
Subject: How To Know You're Being Authentic and Not a Fake
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you?

I was wondering how to sum up where we have come thus far, and I think a relevant question to address: 

How authentic are we in our learning, growth, actions, i.e., in our postings in the fishbowl? 

How do I know that I am not being a fake. 

It is no longer about plagiarism but the feeling of being authentic: original and creative in thought.

Please watch this youtube by Jordan Peterson (8 minutes): How To Know You’re Being Authentic and Not a Fake

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ph2Ddo36wC4

Sanjiv

AUTHENTIC, FAKE

Sent from my iPhone

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/16/2021 13:25:02
Subject: How To Know You're Being Authentic and Not a Fake
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you?

I was wondering how to sum up where we have come thus far, and I think a relevant question to address: 

How authentic are we in our learning, growth, actions, i.e., in our postings in the fishbowl? 

How do I know that I am not being a fake. 

It is no longer about plagiarism but the feeling of being authentic: original and creative in thought.

Please watch this youtube by Jordan Peterson (8 minutes): How To Know You’re Being Authentic and Not a Fake

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ph2Ddo36wC4

Sanjiv

AUTHENTIC, FAKE

Sent from my iPhone

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/16/2021 4:22:00
Subject: organization in formation
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Please see Erin Torgersen’s interpretations of letters below. 

In the fishbowl, we are generating text. We are self-generative. We are bountiful.

Our text has a vocabulary and a context. Both are changing and mutating.

Flexible boundaries.

In this space, the fishbowl, we post fragments of text.

We are an organization in formation.

We will surface, we will emerge and we will appear.

We will prevail. I am certain of it.

Our world is made up of text and images and we are the authors of our destinies.

We can see this in the fishbowl because we celebrate our differences.

I’m waiting and watching, looking and seeing, from close and from far, before I give 345 and 448 separate assignments. We will be watching movies as Anthropologists.

I want to make sure, everyone has had the time to break-ice and post their process/practice: vocabulary, google searches, and letter interpretations.

“I’m just shy by nature,” he said to me.

Sanjiv

SURFACE, EMERGE, APPEAR, FORM, FORMATION, PREVAIL

from the fishbowl...

erintorgersen

Posts: 24

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 3:25 pm

Thu Feb 04, 2021 7:34 pm

SYLLABI: MGT345 & MGT448: An introduction to the class with emphasis on being flexible, working in, and understanding the ever-changing environment around us. COVID is compared to “carrying a bunch of bags up a hill and not knowing how long you had to go” as we still don’t know when a “normal” will return, so the class has been designed to be a mode of open communication, rather than cause a great amount of stress. Through metaphor, we are told to take it slowly in the first few weeks to get used to the class. 

Lacing your shoes (345): As we go through the course it will make more sense through more letters, text we write, and text our peers write. By the end of the semester we will aim to have grown through these texts, especially in finding ourselves. Here we are compared to Deleuze to master the art of taking on new and different challenges to be constructive in what we are doing. In a digital world, we need to be able to express ourselves in a way to be seen and heard through our words. We are told to “hold our horses” aka be patient. We are said to be “climbing a rope” instead of “sliding a slope” which shows we are on a slow, steady incline to be building up to the end where we will look back and see how much we grew. “When the dust settles” refers to after the first few weeks of figuring out what we are doing to then go to the fishbowl. The final metaphor, “working side by side, shoulder to shoulder” says we are all in this together, and we are all doing the same work, and are going to get through the course with each other. 

Trilogy: “The stragglers are still trickling in” as before the drop add period ends there are slowly but surely more people entering the two classes. However, this is out of our control so “don’t sweat it,” or don’t worry about it. The larger idea of the fishbowl is to interact with our classmates, particularly those in our group to create a “culture” and communication around the letters. Because we can see each other's posts it is like a fishbowl, clear. We can see the fish, the fish can see us, just as each other’s writings. Eyes looking at eyes can be our own eyes staring at someone else's eyes on the other side of the fishbowl, or it can be our eyes staring at the fish’s eyes and vise versa. Write honestly and truthfully, and see where it takes you. 

Idiom and Lexicon: To begin with “this too shall pass” shows we are almost there in learning about the fishbowl and what it entails. We will know what to do soon, just as the early years of high school and elementary school seem very overwhelming, and confusing but eventually puts us on a track of where we are supposed to be. We will soon be in growth mode for the fishbowl just as after WWII. As we continue to grow and go into the real world, we will carry with us images that define us, as well as the words to describe them specifically creating who we are. We are often entering new things, which are fun and exciting, but it takes us a while to open up sometimes and get to know people. In contrast it can take a very short time for us to leave. While we are all watching each other, we are doing so as equals, not one is an actor, nor the other an audience. The vocabulary will help us to be able to get our point across in the best way possible. We can use it as needed (tools) or to make what we are saying sound better (jewelry). Practicing vocabulary will help to portray yourself and your thoughts through words. 

Re: Apology for Jumping the Gun: Explains the fishbowl and how it is set up. The professor did not mean to “jump the gun” as we are slowly building up to completing the fishbowl. All we can do is to get ready, or “sharpen our pencils.” The letters will hold different meanings based on our experience and how we interpret the words. 

The desire to learn and genesis of the fishbowl: Each of the parts of our mental, physical, emotional, and spiritual health are all intertwined. They affect each other both positively and negatively, as well as working together to form each of us individually. Through the fishbowl when we are working with others, presenting ourselves through text, and actively creating the environment that is the fishbowl, we are learning. The fishbowl is something that we slowly create together, to create the society or culture we desire. 

Fishbowl is set up: Basic instructions on how to set up the fishbowl. 

Fishbowl technology being repaired: Although there was a technological error, that is not the main subject of focus for the fishbowl. Rather it is how to make do in difficult situations, and make the best of them. This was explained in Aldous Huxley’s “Brave New World” when he discusses surviving a scary, dystopian world. It is about adapting to situations and overcoming them. To be most successful, we need to come to the fishbowl with an open mind, as explained in Luce Irigaray’s book To Be Two, which explains her process of reconstructing the women’s image. Men and women must mutually learn from each other, as they each have different perspectives. 

The fishbowl is on. Please register: More information on the fishbowl and what is expected of us. Continue practicing vocabulary.

Setting up 4 Topics in your fishbowl: Although we have thus far been “peering in the dark,” or trying to see what is ahead with very little information, we will soon be using the fishbowl. However, peeing in the dark has a bad connotation, so we are “standing on a diving board of a swimming pool” as that sounds much more exciting, and our fishbowl is going to be exciting. We are going to come together through the fishbowl and work with each other in the four categories listed in the letter. 

Being in the fishbowl: We have to work together to balance this course among otters, the level of participation in the fishbowl with our other responsibilities. Once this is achieved, we are most successful. Once again, the text we are creating is to be able to portray what we wish to portray through our words. We can describe specific images of what we are thinking with our words. Although there are four categories in the fishbowl, they are all intertwined, they relate to each other and depend on each other. Although we are all posting about the same topics, we will have different interpretations that we can learn from with each other. 

Google searches: co-existing visually: We are “inching forward,” or slowly getting the semester started. But once we better understand the fish bowl, we will be able to move forward much quicker, with leaps and bounds. It is compared to the Matrix, as if the professor is including how we are acting. By being told what to google, it is influencing the meaning we take away from the letters and the class. The metaphors are meant to stick with us, something that we can remember the ideas by. We should propose different and new ideas to continue allowing the conversation to flow. 

Surviving thus far: In this changing world, the wants of employers has also been changing. We need to be flexible and able to adapt in new environments. The fishbowl will help us do just that. In the fishbowl, the professor will be watching each of us closely. However, we are both looking at each other mutually, it is not one-sided.

erintorgersen

 Fri Feb 05, 2021 4:26 pm

Sorting, sifting and selecting: We are told to be “polishing our shoes, steer clear from complexity, and press on” for now. This can be taken as getting ready, and preparing, keeping things simple (emphasised by the KISS principle mentioned later on), and continuing on in what we are doing through the fishbowl and course. For the fishbowl, we want to keep it very short but have impactful meanings. We should be carefully choosing the perfect words to explain what we are describing. We now have a more direct differentiation between the categories in the fishbowl, but that could only be found after we analyzed, learned, and prepared through more letters as the Fishbowl is a work-in-process. This is similar to Alain Badiou. He, as a philosopher, could not contain himself to one category, and neither should we in our work or in the fishbowl. 

Grades and Letters: Although those who do the vocabulary will succeed in learning new words, that is not enough. It is necessary to think of the vocabulary in its context. Therefore, while it is helpful to know the meaning of a word, it is not enough. One must also know how to use it to make it effective. Similarly, one cannot just be healthy by eating vegetables, they must also be put to work through exercise, and other healthy living activities. In this letter Derrida is relevant as he studied the connection between experience and consciousness. Each of us will, because of our experience and consciousness, will have slightly different interpretations of the letters. However, this will stimulate the sharing of ideas and communication to make the class more interesting.

erintorgersen

 Mon Feb 08, 2021 12:22 pm

Developing a practice and a process: We are slowly building the fishbowl by creating more information and analysis. We are asked to think about what we would do if we were to create a big business of learners. What would the format be? How would we attract customers, or learners. The point is, we should each be learning something new everyday, big or small. We should first reflect how we as the individual learns, and how it may compare to other individuals. We are all individual thinkers, and we are creating an individual identity as learners. The fishbowl is giving us an opportunity to learn through action in what we are doing rather than just in class taking notes. Through each posting, we are changing the trajectory of the fishbowl, and ideas in line with Alain Badiou’s ‘Event’. Through the fishbowl, we are creating the direction of our learning by what we post, how we interpret letters, and what others post. 

Wondering on a gloomy Sunday morning: The professor is trying to understand how we are feeling about the fishbowl, and how it can be a better or worse process for us. In the fishbowl, we can compare ourselves to others. We can compare our learning techniques, similarities, and differences between us and the others in the fishbowl. We are also learning from ourselves when we construct our own profile in the fishbowl, and how we form analyses in the fishbowl. Then, through the peripheral vision, or what is not in our immediate direct vision, which is our group, we are still learning. The peripheral vision influences our thoughts and how we analyze the letters. We are creating our own learning journey that is influenced by the others in our group. 

Metaphorical thinking: We are using metaphors in the letters to relate them to our own lives and better understand the world around us in an imaginative way, that may not be immediately obvious. The metaphors we take away from the letters are how we can understand things in our own lives, and better understand them.

erintorgersen

Tue Feb 09, 2021 2:18 pm

Interrelation between two words: We are now really starting to get into the exciting part of the fishbowl, as we have prepared to begin the fishbowl (our journey), and now we are officially on our way; but we are still slow moving. We are creating value in our discussions of the letters. The fishbowl is like an arena because it gives us a chance to show off our skills through words and writings. Through the toolbox of our words we are acknowledging how we can best showcase our skills. In the fishbowl we can put two words up against each other side by side to see how they compare to each other, and analyze them together fully. The words can be related to each other, just as the categories of the fishbowl.

erintorgersen

 Wed Feb 10, 2021 3:06 pm

Constructing Knowledge/Creating Knowing: The Fishbowl is a method of learning that is breaking away from the typical curriculum, and all of the constraints that are entailed with it. We can better connect with each other as well as showcase our differences through the method of the fishbowl. The fishbowl, unlike the regimented curriculum, allows us to be ourselves as an individual without being bound to significant restrictions. Being ourselves as individuals and connecting with other individuals is one of the best parts about the fishbowl. If we allow our thoughts and identities to be changed by society and those around us, we will lose our sense of identity, and we will lose ourselves. We will simply become a part of the crowd with our soul and identity lost forever, just as the women alluded to at the end of the letter.

erintorgersen

Thu Feb 11, 2021 12:39 pm

Be a Thought Leader: Today, we live in a materialistic world where people think to be happiest, they have to have as many things as they can get. However, that is not the case, thoughts are much more valuable. Thoughts are what are going to help us to grow and be the best we can be, not things. We can use our thoughts to be just as, if not more influential than using things by being a thought leader. However, it is not just learning that can help you be a better person, but you also have to be open to such learning, and mentally prepared. In the business, this is crucial. One must be able to learn, but to learn, one must first be open to new ideas. All too often, we are in a situation where we can and should be learning; however, we are not, only because of the state of mind we are in, which is not open. We are using the fishbowl to satisfy other’s learning. While we may not be successful in the exact format immediately, we are learning along the way of how to help others learn from us. 

The fishbowl: We are using the fishbowl to create similar meanings in different ways. The different ways we express these meanings we have are how we differentiate between each other, and in our postings. Through watching each other (eyes watching eyes), and constructing our own posts, we are creating meaning and learning. When we strip words down to their literal meaning, we are taking away from learning. Leaving room for interpretation fosters learning. We cannot separate words fully and not pay attention to their meaning and use. Rather, we are learning through interpretation in the fishbowl.

erintorgersen

Sun Feb 14, 2021 1:04 pm

23. Becoming, Seeing the Whole, Patterns of Attention: In today’s world with such great technology at our fingertips, great responsibility, and a full class schedule, we are busy. We are in an age where attention is thought of as a commodity that must be fought for rather than a privilege. Therefore, with the letters being of the simple construction of words that they are, it should be easier for a lot of this attention to this class and these letters, it is a fun activity to decipher and interpret the letters as it allows us to be creative. While we are being creative and taking away our own meaning the categories of google searches, vocabulary, and letter interpretation are the broad categories that can guide us on the way to finding the meaning in the letters. With that being said, we are looking at the big picture, and while we want to give much of our attention to the fishbowl, we cannot focus too hard on one particular part, rather the whole big picture. Through the balance of paying close attention to the fishbowl, but also looking at the big picture, we are training our attention to be how we want it to be. 

24. Never-ending story: It is important to focus on finding and creating meaning through words to facilitate our learning and understanding of society and culture. The fishbowl is allowing us to do exactly that. Reflection using words. This can even evoke some sort of creativity, which is necessary in the workplace and in furthering this type of understanding. All parts of the fishbowl are related, they are fluid and change each other to create the reflection and understanding, just as interface, interact, and interrelate are all related.

erintorgersen

Mon Feb 15, 2021 6:04 pm

Creating Structures: Although there is a lot of creative freedom in the fishbowl, one structure that can be approached is taking a sentence of particular interest and juxtaposing their meaning and interpretation. In the example laid out by the professor, he juxtaposes feeling and experience. He shows how the two words that may not be wholly related, are and can be. However, they are also different at the same time. He uses words to create an image of the meaning and comparison of the two words, once again showing how powerful words are. This is displayed through performance writing, as it is widely used to accomplish exactly this goal, different from performance inquiry which is learning through actions.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/16/2021 4:21:29
Subject: organization in formation
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Please see Erin Torgersen’s interpretations of letters below. 

In the fishbowl, we are generating text. We are self-generative. We are bountiful.

Our text has a vocabulary and a context. Both are changing and mutating.

Flexible boundaries.

In this space, the fishbowl, we post fragments of text.

We are an organization in formation.

We will surface, we will emerge and we will appear.

We will prevail. I am certain of it.

Our world is made up of text and images and we are the authors of our destinies.

We can see this in the fishbowl because we celebrate our differences.

I’m waiting and watching, looking and seeing, from close and from far, before I give 345 and 448 separate assignments. We will be watching movies as Anthropologists.

I want to make sure, everyone has had the time to break-ice and post their process/practice: vocabulary, google searches, and letter interpretations.

“I’m just shy by nature,” he said to me.

Sanjiv

SURFACE, EMERGE, APPEAR, FORM, FORMATION, PREVAIL

from the fishbowl...

erintorgersen

Posts: 24

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 3:25 pm

Thu Feb 04, 2021 7:34 pm

SYLLABI: MGT345 & MGT448: An introduction to the class with emphasis on being flexible, working in, and understanding the ever-changing environment around us. COVID is compared to “carrying a bunch of bags up a hill and not knowing how long you had to go” as we still don’t know when a “normal” will return, so the class has been designed to be a mode of open communication, rather than cause a great amount of stress. Through metaphor, we are told to take it slowly in the first few weeks to get used to the class. 

Lacing your shoes (345): As we go through the course it will make more sense through more letters, text we write, and text our peers write. By the end of the semester we will aim to have grown through these texts, especially in finding ourselves. Here we are compared to Deleuze to master the art of taking on new and different challenges to be constructive in what we are doing. In a digital world, we need to be able to express ourselves in a way to be seen and heard through our words. We are told to “hold our horses” aka be patient. We are said to be “climbing a rope” instead of “sliding a slope” which shows we are on a slow, steady incline to be building up to the end where we will look back and see how much we grew. “When the dust settles” refers to after the first few weeks of figuring out what we are doing to then go to the fishbowl. The final metaphor, “working side by side, shoulder to shoulder” says we are all in this together, and we are all doing the same work, and are going to get through the course with each other. 

Trilogy: “The stragglers are still trickling in” as before the drop add period ends there are slowly but surely more people entering the two classes. However, this is out of our control so “don’t sweat it,” or don’t worry about it. The larger idea of the fishbowl is to interact with our classmates, particularly those in our group to create a “culture” and communication around the letters. Because we can see each other's posts it is like a fishbowl, clear. We can see the fish, the fish can see us, just as each other’s writings. Eyes looking at eyes can be our own eyes staring at someone else's eyes on the other side of the fishbowl, or it can be our eyes staring at the fish’s eyes and vise versa. Write honestly and truthfully, and see where it takes you. 

Idiom and Lexicon: To begin with “this too shall pass” shows we are almost there in learning about the fishbowl and what it entails. We will know what to do soon, just as the early years of high school and elementary school seem very overwhelming, and confusing but eventually puts us on a track of where we are supposed to be. We will soon be in growth mode for the fishbowl just as after WWII. As we continue to grow and go into the real world, we will carry with us images that define us, as well as the words to describe them specifically creating who we are. We are often entering new things, which are fun and exciting, but it takes us a while to open up sometimes and get to know people. In contrast it can take a very short time for us to leave. While we are all watching each other, we are doing so as equals, not one is an actor, nor the other an audience. The vocabulary will help us to be able to get our point across in the best way possible. We can use it as needed (tools) or to make what we are saying sound better (jewelry). Practicing vocabulary will help to portray yourself and your thoughts through words. 

Re: Apology for Jumping the Gun: Explains the fishbowl and how it is set up. The professor did not mean to “jump the gun” as we are slowly building up to completing the fishbowl. All we can do is to get ready, or “sharpen our pencils.” The letters will hold different meanings based on our experience and how we interpret the words. 

The desire to learn and genesis of the fishbowl: Each of the parts of our mental, physical, emotional, and spiritual health are all intertwined. They affect each other both positively and negatively, as well as working together to form each of us individually. Through the fishbowl when we are working with others, presenting ourselves through text, and actively creating the environment that is the fishbowl, we are learning. The fishbowl is something that we slowly create together, to create the society or culture we desire. 

Fishbowl is set up: Basic instructions on how to set up the fishbowl. 

Fishbowl technology being repaired: Although there was a technological error, that is not the main subject of focus for the fishbowl. Rather it is how to make do in difficult situations, and make the best of them. This was explained in Aldous Huxley’s “Brave New World” when he discusses surviving a scary, dystopian world. It is about adapting to situations and overcoming them. To be most successful, we need to come to the fishbowl with an open mind, as explained in Luce Irigaray’s book To Be Two, which explains her process of reconstructing the women’s image. Men and women must mutually learn from each other, as they each have different perspectives. 

The fishbowl is on. Please register: More information on the fishbowl and what is expected of us. Continue practicing vocabulary.

Setting up 4 Topics in your fishbowl: Although we have thus far been “peering in the dark,” or trying to see what is ahead with very little information, we will soon be using the fishbowl. However, peeing in the dark has a bad connotation, so we are “standing on a diving board of a swimming pool” as that sounds much more exciting, and our fishbowl is going to be exciting. We are going to come together through the fishbowl and work with each other in the four categories listed in the letter. 

Being in the fishbowl: We have to work together to balance this course among otters, the level of participation in the fishbowl with our other responsibilities. Once this is achieved, we are most successful. Once again, the text we are creating is to be able to portray what we wish to portray through our words. We can describe specific images of what we are thinking with our words. Although there are four categories in the fishbowl, they are all intertwined, they relate to each other and depend on each other. Although we are all posting about the same topics, we will have different interpretations that we can learn from with each other. 

Google searches: co-existing visually: We are “inching forward,” or slowly getting the semester started. But once we better understand the fish bowl, we will be able to move forward much quicker, with leaps and bounds. It is compared to the Matrix, as if the professor is including how we are acting. By being told what to google, it is influencing the meaning we take away from the letters and the class. The metaphors are meant to stick with us, something that we can remember the ideas by. We should propose different and new ideas to continue allowing the conversation to flow. 

Surviving thus far: In this changing world, the wants of employers has also been changing. We need to be flexible and able to adapt in new environments. The fishbowl will help us do just that. In the fishbowl, the professor will be watching each of us closely. However, we are both looking at each other mutually, it is not one-sided.

erintorgersen

 Fri Feb 05, 2021 4:26 pm

Sorting, sifting and selecting: We are told to be “polishing our shoes, steer clear from complexity, and press on” for now. This can be taken as getting ready, and preparing, keeping things simple (emphasised by the KISS principle mentioned later on), and continuing on in what we are doing through the fishbowl and course. For the fishbowl, we want to keep it very short but have impactful meanings. We should be carefully choosing the perfect words to explain what we are describing. We now have a more direct differentiation between the categories in the fishbowl, but that could only be found after we analyzed, learned, and prepared through more letters as the Fishbowl is a work-in-process. This is similar to Alain Badiou. He, as a philosopher, could not contain himself to one category, and neither should we in our work or in the fishbowl. 

Grades and Letters: Although those who do the vocabulary will succeed in learning new words, that is not enough. It is necessary to think of the vocabulary in its context. Therefore, while it is helpful to know the meaning of a word, it is not enough. One must also know how to use it to make it effective. Similarly, one cannot just be healthy by eating vegetables, they must also be put to work through exercise, and other healthy living activities. In this letter Derrida is relevant as he studied the connection between experience and consciousness. Each of us will, because of our experience and consciousness, will have slightly different interpretations of the letters. However, this will stimulate the sharing of ideas and communication to make the class more interesting.

erintorgersen

 Mon Feb 08, 2021 12:22 pm

Developing a practice and a process: We are slowly building the fishbowl by creating more information and analysis. We are asked to think about what we would do if we were to create a big business of learners. What would the format be? How would we attract customers, or learners. The point is, we should each be learning something new everyday, big or small. We should first reflect how we as the individual learns, and how it may compare to other individuals. We are all individual thinkers, and we are creating an individual identity as learners. The fishbowl is giving us an opportunity to learn through action in what we are doing rather than just in class taking notes. Through each posting, we are changing the trajectory of the fishbowl, and ideas in line with Alain Badiou’s ‘Event’. Through the fishbowl, we are creating the direction of our learning by what we post, how we interpret letters, and what others post. 

Wondering on a gloomy Sunday morning: The professor is trying to understand how we are feeling about the fishbowl, and how it can be a better or worse process for us. In the fishbowl, we can compare ourselves to others. We can compare our learning techniques, similarities, and differences between us and the others in the fishbowl. We are also learning from ourselves when we construct our own profile in the fishbowl, and how we form analyses in the fishbowl. Then, through the peripheral vision, or what is not in our immediate direct vision, which is our group, we are still learning. The peripheral vision influences our thoughts and how we analyze the letters. We are creating our own learning journey that is influenced by the others in our group. 

Metaphorical thinking: We are using metaphors in the letters to relate them to our own lives and better understand the world around us in an imaginative way, that may not be immediately obvious. The metaphors we take away from the letters are how we can understand things in our own lives, and better understand them.

erintorgersen

Tue Feb 09, 2021 2:18 pm

Interrelation between two words: We are now really starting to get into the exciting part of the fishbowl, as we have prepared to begin the fishbowl (our journey), and now we are officially on our way; but we are still slow moving. We are creating value in our discussions of the letters. The fishbowl is like an arena because it gives us a chance to show off our skills through words and writings. Through the toolbox of our words we are acknowledging how we can best showcase our skills. In the fishbowl we can put two words up against each other side by side to see how they compare to each other, and analyze them together fully. The words can be related to each other, just as the categories of the fishbowl.

erintorgersen

 Wed Feb 10, 2021 3:06 pm

Constructing Knowledge/Creating Knowing: The Fishbowl is a method of learning that is breaking away from the typical curriculum, and all of the constraints that are entailed with it. We can better connect with each other as well as showcase our differences through the method of the fishbowl. The fishbowl, unlike the regimented curriculum, allows us to be ourselves as an individual without being bound to significant restrictions. Being ourselves as individuals and connecting with other individuals is one of the best parts about the fishbowl. If we allow our thoughts and identities to be changed by society and those around us, we will lose our sense of identity, and we will lose ourselves. We will simply become a part of the crowd with our soul and identity lost forever, just as the women alluded to at the end of the letter.

erintorgersen

Thu Feb 11, 2021 12:39 pm

Be a Thought Leader: Today, we live in a materialistic world where people think to be happiest, they have to have as many things as they can get. However, that is not the case, thoughts are much more valuable. Thoughts are what are going to help us to grow and be the best we can be, not things. We can use our thoughts to be just as, if not more influential than using things by being a thought leader. However, it is not just learning that can help you be a better person, but you also have to be open to such learning, and mentally prepared. In the business, this is crucial. One must be able to learn, but to learn, one must first be open to new ideas. All too often, we are in a situation where we can and should be learning; however, we are not, only because of the state of mind we are in, which is not open. We are using the fishbowl to satisfy other’s learning. While we may not be successful in the exact format immediately, we are learning along the way of how to help others learn from us. 

The fishbowl: We are using the fishbowl to create similar meanings in different ways. The different ways we express these meanings we have are how we differentiate between each other, and in our postings. Through watching each other (eyes watching eyes), and constructing our own posts, we are creating meaning and learning. When we strip words down to their literal meaning, we are taking away from learning. Leaving room for interpretation fosters learning. We cannot separate words fully and not pay attention to their meaning and use. Rather, we are learning through interpretation in the fishbowl.

erintorgersen

Sun Feb 14, 2021 1:04 pm

23. Becoming, Seeing the Whole, Patterns of Attention: In today’s world with such great technology at our fingertips, great responsibility, and a full class schedule, we are busy. We are in an age where attention is thought of as a commodity that must be fought for rather than a privilege. Therefore, with the letters being of the simple construction of words that they are, it should be easier for a lot of this attention to this class and these letters, it is a fun activity to decipher and interpret the letters as it allows us to be creative. While we are being creative and taking away our own meaning the categories of google searches, vocabulary, and letter interpretation are the broad categories that can guide us on the way to finding the meaning in the letters. With that being said, we are looking at the big picture, and while we want to give much of our attention to the fishbowl, we cannot focus too hard on one particular part, rather the whole big picture. Through the balance of paying close attention to the fishbowl, but also looking at the big picture, we are training our attention to be how we want it to be. 

24. Never-ending story: It is important to focus on finding and creating meaning through words to facilitate our learning and understanding of society and culture. The fishbowl is allowing us to do exactly that. Reflection using words. This can even evoke some sort of creativity, which is necessary in the workplace and in furthering this type of understanding. All parts of the fishbowl are related, they are fluid and change each other to create the reflection and understanding, just as interface, interact, and interrelate are all related.

erintorgersen

Mon Feb 15, 2021 6:04 pm

Creating Structures: Although there is a lot of creative freedom in the fishbowl, one structure that can be approached is taking a sentence of particular interest and juxtaposing their meaning and interpretation. In the example laid out by the professor, he juxtaposes feeling and experience. He shows how the two words that may not be wholly related, are and can be. However, they are also different at the same time. He uses words to create an image of the meaning and comparison of the two words, once again showing how powerful words are. This is displayed through performance writing, as it is widely used to accomplish exactly this goal, different from performance inquiry which is learning through actions.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/16/2021 0:26:56
Subject: power of words
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? Brian Castle’s posting below is inspiring for a simple reason: it is a felt-experience. Of course, it also has to do with the choice of his two words: overwhelm and resist.

A felt-experience is a story expressed within a context and to an invisible audience.

How does one create and express a felt-experience that inspires the unknown reader; the viewer in the stalls?

Good question, he said.

The word ‘resistance' resonates during the experience of the pandemic. It’s selection began with a feeling. 

"For me, these words closely align to formulate two fazes of my day today. Being extremely overwhelmed and anxious today, I came to the realization that I need to resist these feelings and get down to work. The ability to not be affected, or the refusal to accept and comply to my anxiety and a state of being overwhelmed is what got me through today.” (Castle, B., spring21, Fishbowl)

Words are concepts.

They are also symbols that evoke feelings.

They are images and metaphors.

Sanjiv is a Dawg.

We evolve, develop and grow through words.

We do both, create and solve our problems with words.

Words get us in trouble and they get us out of trouble.

We construct structures with words, which create spaces of felt-experiences.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYcXTlGLUgE

Social and cultural theory has recently taken a "spatial turn” (place/space)---using geographical concepts and metaphors to think about the currently complex and differentiated world. We will look at a range of visionary theorists during the course of the semester.

Sanjiv

RESONATE, INSPIRE, EVOKE

from the fishbowl...

briancastle

Posts: 23

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 7:37 pm

Mon Feb 15, 2021 6:28 pm

1. Overwhelming, resistance

overwhelming=

1.

adjective

very great in amount.

Resistance=

noun

1.

the refusal to accept or comply with something; the attempt to prevent something by action or argument.

"she put up no resistance to being led away"

2.

the ability not to be affected by something, especially adversely.

"some of us have a lower resistance to cold than others"

For me, these words closely align to formulate two fazes of my day today. Being extremely overwhelmed and anxious today, I came to the realization that I need to resist these feelings and get down to work. The ability to to not be affected, or the refusal to accept and comply to my anxiety and a state of being overwhelmed is what got me through today.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/16/2021 0:26:28
Subject: power of words
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? Brian Castle’s posting below is inspiring for a simple reason: it is a felt-experience. Of course, it also has to do with the choice of his two words: overwhelm and resist.

A felt-experience is a story expressed within a context and to an invisible audience.

How does one create and express a felt-experience that inspires the unknown reader; the viewer in the stalls?

Good question, he said.

The word ‘resistance' resonates during the experience of the pandemic. It’s selection began with a feeling. 

"For me, these words closely align to formulate two fazes of my day today. Being extremely overwhelmed and anxious today, I came to the realization that I need to resist these feelings and get down to work. The ability to not be affected, or the refusal to accept and comply to my anxiety and a state of being overwhelmed is what got me through today.” (Castle, B., spring21, Fishbowl)

Words are concepts.

They are also symbols that evoke feelings.

They are images and metaphors.

Sanjiv is a Dawg.

We evolve, develop and grow through words.

We do both, create and solve our problems with words.

Words get us in trouble and they get us out of trouble.

We construct structures with words, which create spaces of felt-experiences.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYcXTlGLUgE

Social and cultural theory has recently taken a "spatial turn” (place/space)---using geographical concepts and metaphors to think about the currently complex and differentiated world. We will look at a range of visionary theorists during the course of the semester.

Sanjiv

RESONATE, INSPIRE, EVOKE

from the fishbowl...

briancastle

Posts: 23

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 7:37 pm

Mon Feb 15, 2021 6:28 pm

1. Overwhelming, resistance

overwhelming=

1.

adjective

very great in amount.

Resistance=

noun

1.

the refusal to accept or comply with something; the attempt to prevent something by action or argument.

"she put up no resistance to being led away"

2.

the ability not to be affected by something, especially adversely.

"some of us have a lower resistance to cold than others"

For me, these words closely align to formulate two fazes of my day today. Being extremely overwhelmed and anxious today, I came to the realization that I need to resist these feelings and get down to work. The ability to to not be affected, or the refusal to accept and comply to my anxiety and a state of being overwhelmed is what got me through today.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/15/2021 19:04:43
Subject: creating structures
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you today? I got an email from Chris Ferrigno and am taking my reply to him as an example of what is required of us, as we begin the process of constructing structures. There is a lot of freedom. However, we are only able to experience this freedom and creativity whenever we immerse ourselves in text and images.

Only what you post in your fishbowls will be evaluated. Please keep that in mind. I am hoping that this letter will clarify any doubts as to how to approach the letters. You are pairing two words and setting upon a journey. That is all. Take the first step. After that it is a breeze. I will be sending you assignments next. They will be more of the same, except I will distinguish between 345 and 448. 

The assignments are meant to be easy, revelatory and entertaining.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl... 

Dear Chris,

Thank you for your response below. I quote, 

I picked the words feeling and experience because I feel they are connected in the idea that we remember good or bad experiences better by how strong the feeling of that experience was. 

This is well done. To be honest with you, I find your reflection, your structure, and your sentence and your selection of two words to be quite extraordinary. Thank-you. Your sentence structure brings the element of ‘strength' to light by your insight; that is your working the text.

But to address your original email and any distress you might be having, here’s what I am suggesting to you and to the class: whenever you wish to focus on a text...

1. Select any two words, as you have, Feeling and Experience (from the letter, paragraph or sentence on hand). Do it as a practice. Otherwise, what is the point of reading?

2. Your purpose, at the back of your head, is to create a structure of words (sentence) originating from these two words that you have selected and, your structure will be of use to the viewer, reader, customer, etc. Your audience. We’ll soon be talking about structures and mental spaces.

3. We are developing a rubric and a practice, visible to all. It is known as Performative Writing and Performative Inquiry. Please google those terms.

4. So I did, and here’s what I found regarding performative inquiry: it is a different kind of learning that becomes possible when we release ourselves from our expectations, and surrender to that which arrives on the page. Like right here. The here and now.

5. "Performative inquiry performs writing as performative explorations interweaving narratives of singular moments of lived experience and reflection into performative texts of learning, breath by breath.”

6. "Performative writing as scholarly writing abandons conventional academic text, dispels third person detachment, interrupts linearity, avoids the explanatory, the expected. Performative writing mischievously plays with space, time, form, metaphor, writing knowing, and not knowing into presence, making visible the gaps between. Performative writing is evocative, acoustic, poetic, performative, inviting recognition, resonance, and understanding through the imagination, listening, meaning making and active participation embodied in the presence of the reader.”

7. Coming back on track: I looked up the dictionary meaning of Feeling and Experience and was inundated with words (ideas), and I wanted to keep it simple for the sake of clarity. So, I looked up the word Feel instead of Feeling and constructed the following ideas (words), known as a word-pool:

8.

Feel

1 to feel touch, texture 

2 to perceive, sense, detect, discern, make out, notice, observe, identify; be aware of, be conscious of.

3 to experience, undergo,

4 to explore.

5 to test, try out, assess.

6 to believe, think, consider it right, 

7 to sense, have a feeling, get the impression, atmosphere 

8 to seem, appear, strike one as, aptitude.

9.to feel sympathy 

10.to feel want 

And then I looked up the meaning of Experience and constructed the following word-pool:

An incident, occurrence, event, happening, affair, episode, encounter; adventure, exploit, escapade; circumstance, case; test, trial, ordeal. An involvement in, a participation in; contact with.

After all that, having immersed myself totally in a pool of words, the structure that resonated with me was: "a felt-experience is an event or occurrence that leaves an impression on someone, like a learning experience.” 

I liked the word impression and promised myself to look it up...in a never-ending sort of way. The trajectory of our lives!

Now after developing my process, and arriving at my sentence through a process of iteration and selection, I look over to see your sentence structure and see the difference. And I say, your structure, and the space that you constructed is extraordinary. 

Is that an A? No, it is an A- because, if you were to share your journey of getting to your structure, that would be an A. Your journey could even be, that you got it down from a dictionary without following any process. Or you dreamt it up. It is still an A. The reason is because we are sharing a knowing with each other. Every selection or exercise of choice is a knowing act. It is called the individual's agency. PLease google the term.

Sanjiv

IMPRESSION

On Feb 14, 2021, at 7:03 PM, Christopher Ferrigno <cferrigno@uri.edu> wrote:

Dear Professor Dugal,

 

I sincerely apologize for the late response as I am just seeing this email for the first time.

I picked the words feeling and experience because I feel they are connected in the idea that we remember good or bad experiences better by how strong the feeling of that experience was. 

 

Chris MGT345 

 

 

From: Sanjiv Dugal

Sent: Saturday, February 13, 2021 2:14 PM

To: Chris Ferrigno

Subject: Re: Never-ending story

 

Dear Chris,

 

Please select two words from any where. I mean from any where. There is only one proviso. The words you select should not be linked to each other.

Send them to me. And let’s take it from there.

Sanjiv

On Feb 13, 2021, at 1:53 PM, Chris Ferrigno <cferrigno@uri.edu> wrote:

 

Dear professor,

Still after your last email I am very confused and distressed on this course as I wish to do well. I feel very behind and I have been trying to copy all the vocabulary words into a google doc which I can put in the fishbowl. However it all seems cryptic to me as I am used to different structures of class. Please let me know how to proceed and thank you for trying to help me. 

Chris 

MGT345

 

 

 

On Sat, Feb 13, 2021 at 1:41 PM Sanjiv Dugal <sanjivdugal@uri.edu> wrote:

 

Hi Everyone,

 

How are you this dreary morning? I hope you are taking time out to focus on words. Immersing yourself in text. In the 1980s, thanks to Professor Linda Smircich and Professor Marta Callas at UMass, Amherst, and Professor David Boje in New Mexico University that I understood the world (society and culture) has taken a "textual turn." It means reflective writing and tracking text that is being generated. We are tackling both in the fishbowl.

 

Every morning I always have something to look forward to: the act of creating something.

 

Creativity has become an essential requirement in the workplace.

 

I was reading Anita Seraichyk’s reflection on Constructing Knowledge/Creating Knowing in the fishbowl and I want to share what I created from her posting. It was, of course, for my own learning and growth. I selected the following three words from her text: interface, interact, and interrelate. I google searched and looked up the dictionary and thesaurus and whatever I could lay my hands upon and, I came up with the following understanding:

 

interface: a shared boundary

interact: a reciprocal action

interrelate: a connection with

 

After much contemplation, a deeper understanding of the three terms made me realize that these 3 elements must co-exist for any project or idea to come to life. Whenever all three elements co-exist, there is fluidity and the project becomes a living, independent text.. The three elements feed-off each other and, their movement can be tracked. For instance, I would next look-up the following: shared, boundary, reciprocal, action, connection...it is a “never-ending story’... 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHytjEj7B9g

 

 

Sanjiv

TEXTUAL, TURN, REFLECT, TRACK, CREATE, ELEMENT, FLUID, MOVEMENT, COEXIST, INDEPENDENT 

 

from the fishbowl...

 

anitaseraichyk

Posts: 53

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 2:24 pm

Sat Feb 13, 2021 7:29 am

Constructing Knowledge/Creating Knowing

II. Doing Letters: Immersion

A. Terms

Always identify at least two or three words from whatever sentence, phrase, paragraph you chance upon.

Do it as a practice.

Do what? Identify words.

Look up their definitions and write them out.

B. Close Reading

Raise the question: what are the qualities of these terms?

Why are they juxtaposed, inter-facing, interacting and interrelating?

Use Thesaurus and Search engines.

C. Reflection

Write your experience and your feelings around these terms.

-------------------------------------------

"Why are they juxtaposed, inter-facing, interacting and interrelating?"

JUXTAPOSED: Placed side by side; Place or deal with close together for contrasting effect.

INTER-FACING: Interact with (another system, person, organization, etc.)

INTERRELATING: Relate or connect to one another.

Reflection:

How do the words you are reading connect the thoughts and ideas? Why are they placed in the positions they are? The same words in a different context can bring a different meaning to the entire idea.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/15/2021 19:04:03
Subject: creating structures
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you today? I got an email from Chris Ferrigno and am taking my reply to him as an example of what is required of us, as we begin the process of constructing structures. There is a lot of freedom. However, we are only able to experience this freedom and creativity whenever we immerse ourselves in text and images.

Only what you post in your fishbowls will be evaluated. Please keep that in mind. I am hoping that this letter will clarify any doubts as to how to approach the letters. You are pairing two words and setting upon a journey. That is all. Take the first step. After that it is a breeze. I will be sending you assignments next. They will be more of the same, except I will distinguish between 345 and 448. 

The assignments are meant to be easy, revelatory and entertaining.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl... 

Dear Chris,

Thank you for your response below. I quote, 

I picked the words feeling and experience because I feel they are connected in the idea that we remember good or bad experiences better by how strong the feeling of that experience was. 

This is well done. To be honest with you, I find your reflection, your structure, and your sentence and your selection of two words to be quite extraordinary. Thank-you. Your sentence structure brings the element of ‘strength' to light by your insight; that is your working the text.

But to address your original email and any distress you might be having, here’s what I am suggesting to you and to the class: whenever you wish to focus on a text...

1. Select any two words, as you have, Feeling and Experience (from the letter, paragraph or sentence on hand). Do it as a practice. Otherwise, what is the point of reading?

2. Your purpose, at the back of your head, is to create a structure of words (sentence) originating from these two words that you have selected and, your structure will be of use to the viewer, reader, customer, etc. Your audience. We’ll soon be talking about structures and mental spaces.

3. We are developing a rubric and a practice, visible to all. It is known as Performative Writing and Performative Inquiry. Please google those terms.

4. So I did, and here’s what I found regarding performative inquiry: it is a different kind of learning that becomes possible when we release ourselves from our expectations, and surrender to that which arrives on the page. Like right here. The here and now.

5. "Performative inquiry performs writing as performative explorations interweaving narratives of singular moments of lived experience and reflection into performative texts of learning, breath by breath.”

6. "Performative writing as scholarly writing abandons conventional academic text, dispels third person detachment, interrupts linearity, avoids the explanatory, the expected. Performative writing mischievously plays with space, time, form, metaphor, writing knowing, and not knowing into presence, making visible the gaps between. Performative writing is evocative, acoustic, poetic, performative, inviting recognition, resonance, and understanding through the imagination, listening, meaning making and active participation embodied in the presence of the reader.”

7. Coming back on track: I looked up the dictionary meaning of Feeling and Experience and was inundated with words (ideas), and I wanted to keep it simple for the sake of clarity. So, I looked up the word Feel instead of Feeling and constructed the following ideas (words), known as a word-pool:

8.

Feel

1 to feel touch, texture 

2 to perceive, sense, detect, discern, make out, notice, observe, identify; be aware of, be conscious of.

3 to experience, undergo,

4 to explore.

5 to test, try out, assess.

6 to believe, think, consider it right, 

7 to sense, have a feeling, get the impression, atmosphere 

8 to seem, appear, strike one as, aptitude.

9.to feel sympathy 

10.to feel want 

And then I looked up the meaning of Experience and constructed the following word-pool:

An incident, occurrence, event, happening, affair, episode, encounter; adventure, exploit, escapade; circumstance, case; test, trial, ordeal. An involvement in, a participation in; contact with.

After all that, having immersed myself totally in a pool of words, the structure that resonated with me was: "a felt-experience is an event or occurrence that leaves an impression on someone, like a learning experience.” 

I liked the word impression and promised myself to look it up...in a never-ending sort of way. The trajectory of our lives!

Now after developing my process, and arriving at my sentence through a process of iteration and selection, I look over to see your sentence structure and see the difference. And I say, your structure, and the space that you constructed is extraordinary. 

Is that an A? No, it is an A- because, if you were to share your journey of getting to your structure, that would be an A. Your journey could even be, that you got it down from a dictionary without following any process. Or you dreamt it up. It is still an A. The reason is because we are sharing a knowing with each other. Every selection or exercise of choice is a knowing act. It is called the individual's agency. PLease google the term.

Sanjiv

IMPRESSION

On Feb 14, 2021, at 7:03 PM, Christopher Ferrigno <cferrigno@uri.edu> wrote:

Dear Professor Dugal,

 

I sincerely apologize for the late response as I am just seeing this email for the first time.

I picked the words feeling and experience because I feel they are connected in the idea that we remember good or bad experiences better by how strong the feeling of that experience was. 

 

Chris MGT345 

 

 

From: Sanjiv Dugal

Sent: Saturday, February 13, 2021 2:14 PM

To: Chris Ferrigno

Subject: Re: Never-ending story

 

Dear Chris,

 

Please select two words from any where. I mean from any where. There is only one proviso. The words you select should not be linked to each other.

Send them to me. And let’s take it from there.

Sanjiv

On Feb 13, 2021, at 1:53 PM, Chris Ferrigno <cferrigno@uri.edu> wrote:

 

Dear professor,

Still after your last email I am very confused and distressed on this course as I wish to do well. I feel very behind and I have been trying to copy all the vocabulary words into a google doc which I can put in the fishbowl. However it all seems cryptic to me as I am used to different structures of class. Please let me know how to proceed and thank you for trying to help me. 

Chris 

MGT345

 

 

 

On Sat, Feb 13, 2021 at 1:41 PM Sanjiv Dugal <sanjivdugal@uri.edu> wrote:

 

Hi Everyone,

 

How are you this dreary morning? I hope you are taking time out to focus on words. Immersing yourself in text. In the 1980s, thanks to Professor Linda Smircich and Professor Marta Callas at UMass, Amherst, and Professor David Boje in New Mexico University that I understood the world (society and culture) has taken a "textual turn." It means reflective writing and tracking text that is being generated. We are tackling both in the fishbowl.

 

Every morning I always have something to look forward to: the act of creating something.

 

Creativity has become an essential requirement in the workplace.

 

I was reading Anita Seraichyk’s reflection on Constructing Knowledge/Creating Knowing in the fishbowl and I want to share what I created from her posting. It was, of course, for my own learning and growth. I selected the following three words from her text: interface, interact, and interrelate. I google searched and looked up the dictionary and thesaurus and whatever I could lay my hands upon and, I came up with the following understanding:

 

interface: a shared boundary

interact: a reciprocal action

interrelate: a connection with

 

After much contemplation, a deeper understanding of the three terms made me realize that these 3 elements must co-exist for any project or idea to come to life. Whenever all three elements co-exist, there is fluidity and the project becomes a living, independent text.. The three elements feed-off each other and, their movement can be tracked. For instance, I would next look-up the following: shared, boundary, reciprocal, action, connection...it is a “never-ending story’... 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHytjEj7B9g

 

 

Sanjiv

TEXTUAL, TURN, REFLECT, TRACK, CREATE, ELEMENT, FLUID, MOVEMENT, COEXIST, INDEPENDENT 

 

from the fishbowl...

 

anitaseraichyk

Posts: 53

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 2:24 pm

Sat Feb 13, 2021 7:29 am

Constructing Knowledge/Creating Knowing

II. Doing Letters: Immersion

A. Terms

Always identify at least two or three words from whatever sentence, phrase, paragraph you chance upon.

Do it as a practice.

Do what? Identify words.

Look up their definitions and write them out.

B. Close Reading

Raise the question: what are the qualities of these terms?

Why are they juxtaposed, inter-facing, interacting and interrelating?

Use Thesaurus and Search engines.

C. Reflection

Write your experience and your feelings around these terms.

-------------------------------------------

"Why are they juxtaposed, inter-facing, interacting and interrelating?"

JUXTAPOSED: Placed side by side; Place or deal with close together for contrasting effect.

INTER-FACING: Interact with (another system, person, organization, etc.)

INTERRELATING: Relate or connect to one another.

Reflection:

How do the words you are reading connect the thoughts and ideas? Why are they placed in the positions they are? The same words in a different context can bring a different meaning to the entire idea.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/13/2021 18:44:57
Subject: never-ending story
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this dreary morning? I hope you are taking time out to focus on words. Immersing yourself in text. In the 1980s, thanks to Professor Linda Smircich and Professor Marta Callas at UMass, Amherst, and Professor David Boje in New Mexico University that I understood the world (society and culture) has taken a "textual turn." It means reflective writing and tracking text that is being generated. We are tackling both in the fishbowl.

Every morning I always have something to look forward to: the act of creating something.

Creativity has become an essential requirement in the workplace.

I was reading Anita Seraichyk’s reflection on Constructing Knowledge/Creating Knowing in the fishbowl and I want to share what I created from her posting. It was, of course, for my own learning and growth. I selected the following three words from her text: interface, interact, and interrelate. I google searched and looked up the dictionary and thesaurus and whatever I could lay my hands upon and, I came up with the following understanding:

interface: a shared boundary

interact: a reciprocal action

interrelate: a connection with

After much contemplation, a deeper understanding of the three terms made me realize that these 3 elements must co-exist for any project or idea to come to life. Whenever all three elements co-exist, there is fluidity and the project becomes a living, independent text.. The three elements feed-off each other and, their movement can be tracked. For instance, I would next look-up the following: shared, boundary, reciprocal, action, connection...it is a “never-ending story’... 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHytjEj7B9g

Sanjiv

TEXTUAL, TURN, REFLECT, TRACK, CREATE, ELEMENT, FLUID, MOVEMENT, COEXIST, INDEPENDENT 

from the fishbowl...

anitaseraichyk

Posts: 53

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 2:24 pm

Sat Feb 13, 2021 7:29 am

Constructing Knowledge/Creating Knowing

II. Doing Letters: Immersion

A. Terms

Always identify at least two or three words from whatever sentence, phrase, paragraph you chance upon.

Do it as a practice.

Do what? Identify words.

Look up their definitions and write them out.

B. Close Reading

Raise the question: what are the qualities of these terms?

Why are they juxtaposed, inter-facing, interacting and interrelating?

Use Thesaurus and Search engines.

C. Reflection

Write your experience and your feelings around these terms.

-------------------------------------------

"Why are they juxtaposed, inter-facing, interacting and interrelating?"

JUXTAPOSED: Placed side by side; Place or deal with close together for contrasting effect.

INTER-FACING: Interact with (another system, person, organization, etc.)

INTERRELATING: Relate or connect to one another.

Reflection:

How do the words you are reading connect the thoughts and ideas? Why are they placed in the positions they are? The same words in a different context can bring a different meaning to the entire idea.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/13/2021 18:43:27
Subject: never-ending story
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this dreary morning? I hope you are taking time out to focus on words. Immersing yourself in text. In the 1980s, thanks to Professor Linda Smircich and Professor Marta Callas at UMass, Amherst, and Professor David Boje in New Mexico University that I understood the world (society and culture) has taken a "textual turn." It means reflective writing and tracking text that is being generated. We are tackling both in the fishbowl.

Every morning I always have something to look forward to: the act of creating something.

Creativity has become an essential requirement in the workplace.

I was reading Anita Seraichyk’s reflection on Constructing Knowledge/Creating Knowing in the fishbowl and I want to share what I created from her posting. It was, of course, for my own learning and growth. I selected the following three words from her text: interface, interact, and interrelate. I google searched and looked up the dictionary and thesaurus and whatever I could lay my hands upon and, I came up with the following understanding:

interface: a shared boundary

interact: a reciprocal action

interrelate: a connection with

After much contemplation, a deeper understanding of the three terms made me realize that these 3 elements must co-exist for any project or idea to come to life. Whenever all three elements co-exist, there is fluidity and the project becomes a living, independent text.. The three elements feed-off each other and, their movement can be tracked. For instance, I would next look-up the following: shared, boundary, reciprocal, action, connection...it is a “never-ending story’... 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHytjEj7B9g

Sanjiv

TEXTUAL, TURN, REFLECT, TRACK, CREATE, ELEMENT, FLUID, MOVEMENT, COEXIST, INDEPENDENT 

from the fishbowl...

anitaseraichyk

Posts: 53

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 2:24 pm

Sat Feb 13, 2021 7:29 am

Constructing Knowledge/Creating Knowing

II. Doing Letters: Immersion

A. Terms

Always identify at least two or three words from whatever sentence, phrase, paragraph you chance upon.

Do it as a practice.

Do what? Identify words.

Look up their definitions and write them out.

B. Close Reading

Raise the question: what are the qualities of these terms?

Why are they juxtaposed, inter-facing, interacting and interrelating?

Use Thesaurus and Search engines.

C. Reflection

Write your experience and your feelings around these terms.

-------------------------------------------

"Why are they juxtaposed, inter-facing, interacting and interrelating?"

JUXTAPOSED: Placed side by side; Place or deal with close together for contrasting effect.

INTER-FACING: Interact with (another system, person, organization, etc.)

INTERRELATING: Relate or connect to one another.

Reflection:

How do the words you are reading connect the thoughts and ideas? Why are they placed in the positions they are? The same words in a different context can bring a different meaning to the entire idea.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/12/2021 14:13:39
Subject: Becoming, Seeing the Whole, Patterns of Attention
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I wonder about you, out there in the wilderness, everyone and everything demanding your attention.

I stay committed to being focused on words, concepts, ideas, word-images. In this way of Being I am forever in a state of Becoming. To focus is to generate new ways of Being.

How does one do that: be in a state of becoming?

Let me ask in another way: What is the process of removing an element (a word) from its original meaning and bring about a new one?

Here’s how...

You are doing three activities right now in your fishbowls...

vocabulary, google searches and letter responses.

You are developing an oeuvre. 

Focus on your learning; start by raising the question: what does it (focus) mean?

Keeping It Simple is the mantra.

Well, the lesson of whatever I have learned over time is that looking (focusing) carefully at anything, like a word, a gesture, an image, a feeling, informs looking at everything. In other words, in the fishbowl, in order to see things whole, we have to respect and treasure their minute particulars. The world in a grain of sand, as the saying goes.

So how do we do it?

Do what?

See things whole.

I think that the best hope for our species lies in learning new 'patterns of attention' to each other and to the biosphere, ‘patterns' that grow out of curiosity and respect and allow for wonder (wow factor) and learning.

That’s all we’re being asked in the fishbowl: new patterns of attention. 

Please think upon it. 

It’s no big deal and the payoff is tried and tested. 

Keep the thread of the letters like in the image below. You don’t have to be lost nor fall down. It is not that difficult.

Sanjiv

BE, BECOME, GENERATIVE, FOCUS, MINUTE, WHOLE, PATTERN, ATTENTION, CURIOSITY, WONDER

from the fishbowl...

anitaseraichyk

Posts: 32

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 2:24 pm

Thu Feb 11, 2021 9:35 pm

The act of taking on the perspective and feelings of others is communication effected in solitude and depicts an intimate emotional dimension within the Fishbowl experience. Through analogies, drawing inferences, and arriving at independent judgments, you learn to deconstruct text and thereby generate feelings and experiences.

Sent from my iPhone

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/12/2021 14:13:00
Subject: Becoming, Seeing the Whole, Patterns of Attention
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I wonder about you, out there in the wilderness, everyone and everything demanding your attention.

I stay committed to being focused on words, concepts, ideas, word-images. In this way of Being I am forever in a state of Becoming. To focus is to generate new ways of Being.

How does one do that: be in a state of becoming?

Let me ask in another way: What is the process of removing an element (a word) from its original meaning and bring about a new one?

Here’s how...

You are doing three activities right now in your fishbowls...

vocabulary, google searches and letter responses.

You are developing an oeuvre. 

Focus on your learning; start by raising the question: what does it (focus) mean?

Keeping It Simple is the mantra.

Well, the lesson of whatever I have learned over time is that looking (focusing) carefully at anything, like a word, a gesture, an image, a feeling, informs looking at everything. In other words, in the fishbowl, in order to see things whole, we have to respect and treasure their minute particulars. The world in a grain of sand, as the saying goes.

So how do we do it?

Do what?

See things whole.

I think that the best hope for our species lies in learning new 'patterns of attention' to each other and to the biosphere, ‘patterns' that grow out of curiosity and respect and allow for wonder (wow factor) and learning.

That’s all we’re being asked in the fishbowl: new patterns of attention. 

Please think upon it. 

It’s no big deal and the payoff is tried and tested. 

Keep the thread of the letters like in the image below. You don’t have to be lost nor fall down. It is not that difficult.

Sanjiv

BE, BECOME, GENERATIVE, FOCUS, MINUTE, WHOLE, PATTERN, ATTENTION, CURIOSITY, WONDER

from the fishbowl...

anitaseraichyk

Posts: 32

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 2:24 pm

Thu Feb 11, 2021 9:35 pm

The act of taking on the perspective and feelings of others is communication effected in solitude and depicts an intimate emotional dimension within the Fishbowl experience. Through analogies, drawing inferences, and arriving at independent judgments, you learn to deconstruct text and thereby generate feelings and experiences.

Sent from my iPhone

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/11/2021 14:28:23
Subject: the fishbowl
------------------------------------------------------------
Dear John,

Thank you for your letter, and thank you for your insightful reflections and contributions in the fishbowl.

 

I am addressing the points you raise in a particular way that creates the context; the backdrop as it were.

I have always been interested in the process of translation, the effort to frame the same message in different ways, even as new meanings are created by a shift in context. It is precisely what we are doing in our fishbowls.

I am observing participants in the fishbowl (it is a fertile ground for anyone's learning to grow) and I am participating as well. 

By observing each other, we change each other. 

We are, simultaneously, observers and the observed in a space where even silence speaks.

Familiar texts in the fishbowl, reencountered in a new language, and going back and forth, seems to me to enrich our understanding. And the effort to present an idea in the academic form appropriate to a scholarly quest may show up hollow when explained in ordinary language, stripped of jargon --- or it may emerge from the cocoon as piercing insight.

Our practice of 

looking up the meaning of words, 

searching for the meaning of new words, and 

interpreting words in letters 

are conversations with the Self, and 

we are sharing our process in the fishbowl as a practice.

In this process of reshaping, we discover much about what we are saying. Juxtaposing styles and genres produces oddities and is sometimes uncomfortable, but segregating them produces distortion. In the same way, I believe, a division into conventional subject areas is inappropriate. Society and Culture are not divisible.

A couple of your questions regarding interaction and assignments remain. I will be sure to address them subsequently. In the meantime, we are singularly working the text. 

Best,

Sanjiv

TRANSLATION, JUXTAPOSE, OBSERVATION, PARTICIPATE, SINGULAR, SIMULTANEOUS, ENCOUNTER, INSIGHT, CONTEXT

On Feb 10, 2021, at 9:34 PM, John Chamberlain <jchamberlain56@uri.edu> wrote:

Hello Dr. Dugal,

I hope you are well and enjoying your week. I recently reread the Syllabus and a few questions came to me that I was hoping you could answer.

I was under the impression that we were not to respond to other posts on the fishbowl, but the syllabus says 30% of our grade is, seemingly, exactly that. Could you explain the expectations for our interactions on Fishbowl?

Another question: What are the five assignments/prompts we are expected to do/follow? I had the understanding that we were supposed to share what we found important in the emails, from the capitalized words, and either expand on metaphors, google searches, or definitions of vocabulary. 

My first post was a google search on Deleuze, which I intended on being rather humorous in my confusion, but I just did a post that is quite meaningful to me titled as follows: Knowledge creation: Supply chain suffering (which is centered on the crisis in Xinjiang). Is this post applicable to the class and within the guidelines of the assignments, or am I missing the point? Regardless, I am happy with my post and would addendum it with applicable material if it is not what you were looking for.

Thank you and sorry for the lack of brevity, 

John Chamberlain

from the fishbowl...

Sent from my iPhone

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/11/2021 14:25:24
Subject: the fishbowl
------------------------------------------------------------
Dear John,

Thank you for your letter, and thank you for your insightful reflections and contributions in the fishbowl.

 

I am addressing the points you raise in a particular way that creates the context; the backdrop as it were.

I have always been interested in the process of translation, the effort to frame the same message in different ways, even as new meanings are created by a shift in context. It is precisely what we are doing in our fishbowls.

I am observing participants in the fishbowl (it is a fertile ground for anyone's learning to grow) and I am participating as well. 

By observing each other, we change each other. 

We are, simultaneously, observers and the observed in a space where even silence speaks.

Familiar texts in the fishbowl, reencountered in a new language, and going back and forth, seems to me to enrich our understanding. And the effort to present an idea in the academic form appropriate to a scholarly quest may show up hollow when explained in ordinary language, stripped of jargon --- or it may emerge from the cocoon as piercing insight.

Our practice of 

looking up the meaning of words, 

searching for the meaning of new words, and 

interpreting words in letters 

are conversations with the Self, and 

we are sharing our process in the fishbowl as a practice.

In this process of reshaping, we discover much about what we are saying. Juxtaposing styles and genres produces oddities and is sometimes uncomfortable, but segregating them produces distortion. In the same way, I believe, a division into conventional subject areas is inappropriate. Society and Culture are not divisible.

A couple of your questions regarding interaction and assignments remain. I will be sure to address them subsequently. In the meantime, we are singularly working the text. 

Best,

Sanjiv

TRANSLATION, JUXTAPOSE, OBSERVATION, PARTICIPATE, SINGULAR, SIMULTANEOUS, ENCOUNTER, INSIGHT, CONTEXT

On Feb 10, 2021, at 9:34 PM, John Chamberlain <jchamberlain56@uri.edu> wrote:

Hello Dr. Dugal,

I hope you are well and enjoying your week. I recently reread the Syllabus and a few questions came to me that I was hoping you could answer.

I was under the impression that we were not to respond to other posts on the fishbowl, but the syllabus says 30% of our grade is, seemingly, exactly that. Could you explain the expectations for our interactions on Fishbowl?

Another question: What are the five assignments/prompts we are expected to do/follow? I had the understanding that we were supposed to share what we found important in the emails, from the capitalized words, and either expand on metaphors, google searches, or definitions of vocabulary. 

My first post was a google search on Deleuze, which I intended on being rather humorous in my confusion, but I just did a post that is quite meaningful to me titled as follows: Knowledge creation: Supply chain suffering (which is centered on the crisis in Xinjiang). Is this post applicable to the class and within the guidelines of the assignments, or am I missing the point? Regardless, I am happy with my post and would addendum it with applicable material if it is not what you were looking for.

Thank you and sorry for the lack of brevity, 

John Chamberlain

from the fishbowl...

Sent from my iPhone

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/10/2021 21:12:15
Subject: be a thought-leader
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you doing? 

We are living increasingly with our thoughts. Selected words. 

Nonetheless, we seek to accumulate things, not thoughts. We fight over things and forget thoughts. So please, let's get with the program. 

Growth in thought brings about growth in action. Be a 'thought-leader.' Please google the term. It’s the real thing. It is not difficult and actually fun, but we resist advice and instructions. I am so much like that myself. To teach, we have to learn to let go. I have to be willing to learn, so growth can happen. We are in a cycle, you and I. We are bound together. I hope you can see that.

That growth in thought brings about growth in action is particularly true in business: teaching and learning is cyclical. It is not linear from teacher to student. Looking at you looking at me looking at you. Only when I am willing to learn from you will growth in thought happen.

To provoke thought, we have to learn patience. Immerse the mind in words. We are forcing the mind to expand because we face our own stubbornness; rigid 'mental structures' (please google the term).

When you post in your fishbowl, that is your forum, you are taking on the role of teacher. You are saying something in a way that will be of use to the reader, unconditionally. Not expecting a return, just fulfilling an inner desire to connect. 

"Can’t see you, but I know you are out there," he said, as he closed one eye and took focus. 

You discover the essence of communication, what works and what does not work, why something works and why something does not. This learning makes you less impatient and more wise. Wisdom can be acquired in this way; by discovering the essence. Please see Jacob Gilman’s posting below as one example.

Sanjiv

THOUGHT, LEADER, ROLE, GROWTH, MENTAL, STRUCTURE, COMMUNICATION, ESSENCE

from the fishbowl...

Post by jacobgilman » Wed Feb 10, 2021 1:15 pm

Constructing Knowledge/Creating Knowing:

Every assignment we do is just adding one more piece to the puzzle. It is learning one more thing to add to the entire collection. I feel the question of how we are connecting so well is a trick question. The goal of the fishbowl is to learn in whatever way makes you feel comfortable and the more comfortable people feel, the better connection we will have. With everyone being comfortable we are able to connect and share more than ever.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/10/2021 21:10:56
Subject: be a thought-leader
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you doing? 

We are living increasingly with our thoughts. Selected words. 

Nonetheless, we seek to accumulate things, not thoughts. We fight over things and forget thoughts. So please, let's get with the program. 

Growth in thought brings about growth in action. Be a 'thought-leader.' Please google the term. It’s the real thing. It is not difficult and actually fun, but we resist advice and instructions. I am so much like that myself. To teach, we have to learn to let go. I have to be willing to learn, so growth can happen. We are in a cycle, you and I. We are bound together. I hope you can see that.

That growth in thought brings about growth in action is particularly true in business: teaching and learning is cyclical. It is not linear from teacher to student. Looking at you looking at me looking at you. Only when I am willing to learn from you will growth in thought happen.

To provoke thought, we have to learn patience. Immerse the mind in words. We are forcing the mind to expand because we face our own stubbornness; rigid 'mental structures' (please google the term).

When you post in your fishbowl, that is your forum, you are taking on the role of teacher. You are saying something in a way that will be of use to the reader, unconditionally. Not expecting a return, just fulfilling an inner desire to connect. 

"Can’t see you, but I know you are out there," he said, as he closed one eye and took focus. 

You discover the essence of communication, what works and what does not work, why something works and why something does not. This learning makes you less impatient and more wise. Wisdom can be acquired in this way; by discovering the essence. Please see Jacob Gilman’s posting below as one example.

Sanjiv

THOUGHT, LEADER, ROLE, GROWTH, MENTAL, STRUCTURE, COMMUNICATION, ESSENCE

from the fishbowl...

Post by jacobgilman » Wed Feb 10, 2021 1:15 pm

Constructing Knowledge/Creating Knowing:

Every assignment we do is just adding one more piece to the puzzle. It is learning one more thing to add to the entire collection. I feel the question of how we are connecting so well is a trick question. The goal of the fishbowl is to learn in whatever way makes you feel comfortable and the more comfortable people feel, the better connection we will have. With everyone being comfortable we are able to connect and share more than ever.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/10/2021 12:08:34
Subject: Constructing Knowledge/Creating Knowing
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope the multitude of postings in the fishbowl are not overwhelming you.

I. Multitude/Solitude

The fishbowl has a multitude of fragmentary postings as a new model of resistance against global systems of power like curriculum designs and academic standards during vexatious times.

Multitude of fragments

model of resistance

How do you connect with the Multitude, the crowd, without losing the self’s Solitude?

How are you connecting so well in your fishbowl?

It is what I want to know.

I certainly feel it, as must you.

Is this an assignment or a trick question? 

Please reflect upon the above question some, and express your feelings in the crowd, before they are lost.

II. Doing Letters: Immersion

A. Terms

Always identify at least two or three words from whatever sentence, phrase, paragraph you chance upon. 

Do it as a practice.

Do what? Identify words.

Look up their definitions and write them out.

B. Close Reading

Raise the question: what are the qualities of these terms?

Why are they juxtaposed, inter-facing, interacting and interrelating?

Use Thesaurus and Search engines.

C. Reflection

Write your experience and your feelings around these terms.

III. Universal Communion

She walked alone with her thoughts drawing a singular intoxication from a universal communion.

And disappeared forever in the crowd.

Sanjiv

MULTITUDE, SOLITUDE, IMMERSION, FRAGMENTARY, MODEL, RESISTANCE, SINGULAR, UNIVERSAL, COMMUNION

from the fishbowl...”DiamondEyes” by Louise DeCurtis

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/10/2021 12:08:00
Subject: Constructing Knowledge/Creating Knowing
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope the multitude of postings in the fishbowl are not overwhelming you.

I. Multitude/Solitude

The fishbowl has a multitude of fragmentary postings as a new model of resistance against global systems of power like curriculum designs and academic standards during vexatious times.

Multitude of fragments

model of resistance

How do you connect with the Multitude, the crowd, without losing the self’s Solitude?

How are you connecting so well in your fishbowl?

It is what I want to know.

I certainly feel it, as must you.

Is this an assignment or a trick question? 

Please reflect upon the above question some, and express your feelings in the crowd, before they are lost.

II. Doing Letters: Immersion

A. Terms

Always identify at least two or three words from whatever sentence, phrase, paragraph you chance upon. 

Do it as a practice.

Do what? Identify words.

Look up their definitions and write them out.

B. Close Reading

Raise the question: what are the qualities of these terms?

Why are they juxtaposed, inter-facing, interacting and interrelating?

Use Thesaurus and Search engines.

C. Reflection

Write your experience and your feelings around these terms.

III. Universal Communion

She walked alone with her thoughts drawing a singular intoxication from a universal communion.

And disappeared forever in the crowd.

Sanjiv

MULTITUDE, SOLITUDE, IMMERSION, FRAGMENTARY, MODEL, RESISTANCE, SINGULAR, UNIVERSAL, COMMUNION

from the fishbowl...”DiamondEyes” by Louise DeCurtis

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/9/2021 13:01:47
Subject: interrelation between two words
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I trust you’re onto it and up for it. We're on a journey. The boat has embarked and left the shores. We’re on our way without map nor goal, led only by word-images.

We’re going slow ... and working step by step, i.e., word by word. Every now and then, we fly and perch on a branch, but most of the time, we will be going: "one word at a time.”

When responding to a letter, you are constructing and creating knowledge content. 

Otherwise, why respond.

We are knowledge workers and we’re developing our skills in a fishbowl which is a digital arena.

An arena? What is an arena? Why is this word selected over others?

(we are proceeding one word at a time and we elected to start with the word Arena)

I go to my tool box to address the questions above that I myself have raised. (address, hmm, another good word. I must come back to it)

I am inescapably constructing a reality. The game has begun and it did so with a word.

The world is an oyster and I am in charge.

Here’s what I find in my tool-box:

An arena is a level area surrounded by seats for spectators, in which public events are held. 

It is a place or scene of activity. stadium, amphitheater, theater, coliseum; ground, field, ring, rink, court, stage, platform. 

Some gems from my tool box: in ancient Rome a circus was called hippodrome. Then you have a British pitch in cricket; North American bowl; informal park; a cirque. 

More gems: area, scene, sphere, realm, province, domain, sector, forum, territory, theater, stage, world; 

battleground, battlefield, area/field of conflict, sphere of action/activity, lists.

So returning to where I selected the word Arena. The fishbowl, of which we are a part, may be described by any one of the words above.

The word you select is the trajectory of thought you elect to follow. It is the beginning.

At the heart of the matter is always the question, which word did you have in mind?

II.

To respond to a letter, to a text, to a paragraph, to a sentence, to a phrase, here’s what you must do:

select two words from the sentence and place them side by side, like a dichotomy.

religion/life

multitude/solitude

When you do that, you are exercising your freedom of choice. 

You are developing an ‘interrelation' between two words of your choice.

The moment you put them side by side, 

You are looking at the relation between two concepts, ideas, symbols, words.

From the toolbox:

You understood the meaning of ‘relation' between two words, e.g., religion and life. It is about their connection, relationship, association, link, correlation, correspondence, parallel, tie-in, tie-up, alliance, bond, interrelation, interconnection; interdependence of.

This interrelation that you are developing must have relevance, applicability, application, reference, pertinence, bearing on, regard. It must have value.

Please see Alyssa Botelho’s postings below. She is writing in a way that works for her. She is after all creating her own knowledge content. However, underlying her text is always an interrelation between two things and this event gives birth to something new.

Sanjiv

WORD, RELATION, JOURNEY, EMBARK, RESPONSE

from the fishbowl...

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 249

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Mon Feb 08, 2021 7:21 pm

"The ultimate purpose for any enterprise is to survive in a rapidly changing environment."

PURPOSE: have as one's intention or objective.

ENTERPRISE: a project or undertaking, typically one that is difficult or requires effort.

SURVIVE: continue to live or exist, especially in spite of danger or hardship.

RAPIDLY: very quickly; at a great rate.

ENVIRONMENT: the surroundings or conditions in which a person, animal, or plant lives or operates.

The grand objective for any project is to live in a setting where things are always changing very quickly.

Whether it's a business, a school, a non-profit, a passion project, every entity is subject to the dangerous waters of a rapidly changing world. The baseline goal, then, is to have the entity survive against all odds. From there, efforts can be made to see that the entity thrives.

AlyssaBotelho

Sorting, sifting, and selecting

Mon Feb 08, 2021 7:33 pm

"You are learning to develop a point of view (POV), and you are doing it through the following steps: sorting, sifting and selecting words."

Through words, we define ourselves. The words we choose and use say a lot about who we are, what our history is, and what our viewpoints are as a result.

AlyssaBotelho

Grades and Letters

Mon Feb 08, 2021 7:41 pm

"Learning is non-linear, and it happens through reflection in the head"

LEARNING: the acquisition of knowledge or skills through experience, study, or by being taught.

NON-LINEAR: not linear, sequential, or straightforward; random.

REFLECTION: serious thought or consideration.

The acquisition of knowledge is random and it happens though serious thoughts.

Our knowledge grows through a multitude of mediums (reading, listening, first-hand experience, writing). All of them share the same thing: our reflection on them. One could be presented with all the knowledge in the world and it wouldn't matter if they didn't take the time to try to understand it. It is our mental effort that allows learning to occur.

AlyssaBotelho

Developing a practice and a process

Mon Feb 08, 2021 8:00 pm

"The world that we can share is always and still to be elaborated by us and between us starting from the perception and affirmation of what and who we are as humans here and now.”

ELABORATE: develop or present (a theory, policy, or system) in detail.

PERCEPTION: the state of being or process of becoming aware of something through the senses.

AFFIRMATION: emotional support or encouragement.

Our shared space has and will be developed through awareness and support of who we currently are as people.

AlyssaBotelho

Wondering on a gloomy sunday morning

Mon Feb 08, 2021 8:13 pm

"We are working and living under vexing conditions."

VEXING: causing annoyance, frustration, or worry.

CONDITION: the circumstances affecting the way in which people live or work, especially with regard to their safety or well-being.

We are operating in an annoying, frustrating, and worrisome circumstances. The pandemic is like a blanket that covers every inch of our lives. Everything has been disturbed in one way or another. It is difficult to resist the temptation to let the annoyances, the frustrations, and the worry consume you. Focus on the present and let the good things in front of you shine.

AlyssaBotelho

Metaphorical thinking

Mon Feb 08, 2021 8:22 pm

“Imagination is more important than knowledge. To raise new questions, new possibilities, to regard old problems from a new angle, requires creative imagination and marks real advance in science.”

IMAGINATION: the faculty or action of forming new ideas, or images or concepts of external objects not present to the senses.

KNOWLEDGE: what is known in a particular field or in total; facts and information.

CREATIVE: relating to or involving the imagination or original ideas, especially in the production of an artistic work.

ADVANCE: make or cause to make progress.

The ability to form new concepts and ideas is more valuable than known facts. Conceiving new questions, opportunities, and reframing old issues demands artful thinking. It is progression.

Sent from my iPhone

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/9/2021 12:58:00
Subject: interrelation between two words
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I trust you’re onto it and up for it. We're on a journey. The boat has embarked and left the shores. We’re on our way without map nor goal, led only by word-images.

We’re going slow ... and working step by step, i.e., word by word. Every now and then, we fly and perch on a branch, but most of the time, we will be going: "one word at a time.”

When responding to a letter, you are constructing and creating knowledge content. 

Otherwise, why respond.

We are knowledge workers and we’re developing our skills in a fishbowl which is a digital arena.

An arena? What is an arena? Why is this word selected over others?

(we are proceeding one word at a time and we elected to start with the word Arena)

I go to my tool box to address the questions above that I myself have raised. (address, hmm, another good word. I must come back to it)

I am inescapably constructing a reality. The game has begun and it did so with a word.

The world is an oyster and I am in charge.

Here’s what I find in my tool-box:

An arena is a level area surrounded by seats for spectators, in which public events are held. 

It is a place or scene of activity. stadium, amphitheater, theater, coliseum; ground, field, ring, rink, court, stage, platform. 

Some gems from my tool box: in ancient Rome a circus was called hippodrome. Then you have a British pitch in cricket; North American bowl; informal park; a cirque. 

More gems: area, scene, sphere, realm, province, domain, sector, forum, territory, theater, stage, world; 

battleground, battlefield, area/field of conflict, sphere of action/activity, lists.

So returning to where I selected the word Arena. The fishbowl, of which we are a part, may be described by any one of the words above.

The word you select is the trajectory of thought you elect to follow. It is the beginning.

At the heart of the matter is always the question, which word did you have in mind?

II.

To respond to a letter, to a text, to a paragraph, to a sentence, to a phrase, here’s what you must do:

select two words from the sentence and place them side by side, like a dichotomy.

religion/life

multitude/solitude

When you do that, you are exercising your freedom of choice. 

You are developing an ‘interrelation' between two words of your choice.

The moment you put them side by side, 

You are looking at the relation between two concepts, ideas, symbols, words.

From the toolbox:

You understood the meaning of ‘relation' between two words, e.g., religion and life. It is about their connection, relationship, association, link, correlation, correspondence, parallel, tie-in, tie-up, alliance, bond, interrelation, interconnection; interdependence of.

This interrelation that you are developing must have relevance, applicability, application, reference, pertinence, bearing on, regard. It must have value.

Please see Alyssa Botelho’s postings below. She is writing in a way that works for her. She is after all creating her own knowledge content. However, underlying her text is always an interrelation between two things and this event gives birth to something new.

Sanjiv

WORD, RELATION, JOURNEY, EMBARK, RESPONSE

from the fishbowl...

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 249

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Mon Feb 08, 2021 7:21 pm

"The ultimate purpose for any enterprise is to survive in a rapidly changing environment."

PURPOSE: have as one's intention or objective.

ENTERPRISE: a project or undertaking, typically one that is difficult or requires effort.

SURVIVE: continue to live or exist, especially in spite of danger or hardship.

RAPIDLY: very quickly; at a great rate.

ENVIRONMENT: the surroundings or conditions in which a person, animal, or plant lives or operates.

The grand objective for any project is to live in a setting where things are always changing very quickly.

Whether it's a business, a school, a non-profit, a passion project, every entity is subject to the dangerous waters of a rapidly changing world. The baseline goal, then, is to have the entity survive against all odds. From there, efforts can be made to see that the entity thrives.

AlyssaBotelho

Sorting, sifting, and selecting

Mon Feb 08, 2021 7:33 pm

"You are learning to develop a point of view (POV), and you are doing it through the following steps: sorting, sifting and selecting words."

Through words, we define ourselves. The words we choose and use say a lot about who we are, what our history is, and what our viewpoints are as a result.

AlyssaBotelho

Grades and Letters

Mon Feb 08, 2021 7:41 pm

"Learning is non-linear, and it happens through reflection in the head"

LEARNING: the acquisition of knowledge or skills through experience, study, or by being taught.

NON-LINEAR: not linear, sequential, or straightforward; random.

REFLECTION: serious thought or consideration.

The acquisition of knowledge is random and it happens though serious thoughts.

Our knowledge grows through a multitude of mediums (reading, listening, first-hand experience, writing). All of them share the same thing: our reflection on them. One could be presented with all the knowledge in the world and it wouldn't matter if they didn't take the time to try to understand it. It is our mental effort that allows learning to occur.

AlyssaBotelho

Developing a practice and a process

Mon Feb 08, 2021 8:00 pm

"The world that we can share is always and still to be elaborated by us and between us starting from the perception and affirmation of what and who we are as humans here and now.”

ELABORATE: develop or present (a theory, policy, or system) in detail.

PERCEPTION: the state of being or process of becoming aware of something through the senses.

AFFIRMATION: emotional support or encouragement.

Our shared space has and will be developed through awareness and support of who we currently are as people.

AlyssaBotelho

Wondering on a gloomy sunday morning

Mon Feb 08, 2021 8:13 pm

"We are working and living under vexing conditions."

VEXING: causing annoyance, frustration, or worry.

CONDITION: the circumstances affecting the way in which people live or work, especially with regard to their safety or well-being.

We are operating in an annoying, frustrating, and worrisome circumstances. The pandemic is like a blanket that covers every inch of our lives. Everything has been disturbed in one way or another. It is difficult to resist the temptation to let the annoyances, the frustrations, and the worry consume you. Focus on the present and let the good things in front of you shine.

AlyssaBotelho

Metaphorical thinking

Mon Feb 08, 2021 8:22 pm

“Imagination is more important than knowledge. To raise new questions, new possibilities, to regard old problems from a new angle, requires creative imagination and marks real advance in science.”

IMAGINATION: the faculty or action of forming new ideas, or images or concepts of external objects not present to the senses.

KNOWLEDGE: what is known in a particular field or in total; facts and information.

CREATIVE: relating to or involving the imagination or original ideas, especially in the production of an artistic work.

ADVANCE: make or cause to make progress.

The ability to form new concepts and ideas is more valuable than known facts. Conceiving new questions, opportunities, and reframing old issues demands artful thinking. It is progression.

Sent from my iPhone

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/8/2021 11:56:08
Subject: metaphorical thinking
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

In this letter I'd like to talk about metaphorical thinking. Ideas about organizing and organizations (structures and forms) are always based on implicit images or metaphors that persuade us to see, understand, and manage situations in a particular way. Please see Erin Torgersen’s postings below. 

To think metaphorically is to be imaginative. Quoting Albert Einstein: “Imagination is more important than knowledge. To raise new questions, new possibilities, to regard old problems from a new angle, requires creative imagination and marks real advance in science.”

Whenever we think in metaphors, we are able to develop new ways of thinking. We are able to re-image ourselves and what we do. 

Metaphors create insight.

However, they also distort.

The way we see the world, the way we enter the unknown, the way we imagine the future, the way we do things, 

we often get trapped by our perspectives and assumptions,

ways of seeing become ways of not seeing.

There can be no single theory or metaphor that gives an all-purpose point of view, and there can be no simple “correct theory” for structuring everything we do.

Sanjiv

IMPLICIT, IMAGE, INSIGHT, PERSPECTIVE, ASSUMPTION, TRAP, IMAGINATION, METAPHORICAL-THINKING (please google)

From the fishbowl…

erintorgersen

Posts: 9

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 3:25 pm

Letters: Interpreting and deconstructing sentences

Thu Feb 04, 2021 7:34 pm

SYLLABI: MGT345 & MGT448: An introduction to the class with emphasis on being flexible, working in, and understanding the ever-changing environment around us. COVID is compared to “carrying a bunch of bags up a hill and not knowing how long you had to go” as we still don’t know when a “normal” will return, so the class has been designed to be a mode of open communication, rather than cause a great amount of stress. Through metaphor, we are told to take it slowly in the first few weeks to get used to the class. 

Lacing your shoes (345): As we go through the course it will make more sense through more letters, text we write, and text our peers write. By the end of the semester we will aim to have grown through these texts, especially in finding ourselves. Here we are compared to Deleuze to master the art of taking on new and different challenges to be constructive in what we are doing. In a digital world, we need to be able to express ourselves in a way to be seen and heard through our words. We are told to “hold our horses” aka be patient. We are said to be “climbing a rope” instead of “sliding a slope” which shows we are on a slow, steady incline to be building up to the end where we will look back and see how much we grew. “When the dust settles” refers to after the first few weeks of figuring out what we are doing to then go to the fishbowl. The final metaphor, “working side by side, shoulder to shoulder” says we are all in this together, and we are all doing the same work, and are going to get through the course with each other. 

Trilogy: “The stragglers are still trickling in” as before the drop add period ends there are slowly but surely more people entering the two classes. However, this is out of our control so “don’t sweat it,” or don’t worry about it. The larger idea of the fishbowl is to interact with our classmates, particularly those in our group to create a “culture” and communication around the letters. Because we can see each other's posts it is like a fishbowl, clear. We can see the fish, the fish can see us, just as each other’s writings. Eyes looking at eyes can be our own eyes staring at someone else's eyes on the other side of the fishbowl, or it can be our eyes staring at the fish’s eyes and vise versa. Write honestly and truthfully, and see where it takes you. 

Idiom and Lexicon: To begin with “this too shall pass” shows we are almost there in learning about the fishbowl and what it entails. We will know what to do soon, just as the early years of high school and elementary school seem very overwhelming, and confusing but eventually puts us on a track of where we are supposed to be. We will soon be in growth mode for the fishbowl just as after WWII. As we continue to grow and go into the real world, we will carry with us images that define us, as well as the words to describe them specifically creating who we are. We are often entering new things, which are fun and exciting, but it takes us a while to open up sometimes and get to know people. In contrast it can take a very short time for us to leave. While we are all watching each other, we are doing so as equals, not one is an actor, nor the other an audience. The vocabulary will help us to be able to get our point across in the best way possible. We can use it as needed (tools) or to make what we are saying sound better (jewelry). Practicing vocabulary will help to portray yourself and your thoughts through words. 

Re: Apology for Jumping the Gun: Explains the fishbowl and how it is set up. The professor did not mean to “jump the gun” as we are slowly building up to completing the fishbowl. All we can do is to get ready, or “sharpen our pencils.” The letters will hold different meanings based on our experience and how we interpret the words. 

The desire to learn and genesis of the fishbowl: Each of the parts of our mental, physical, emotional, and spiritual health are all intertwined. They affect each other both positively and negatively, as well as working together to form each of us individually. Through the fishbowl when we are working with others, presenting ourselves through text, and actively creating the environment that is the fishbowl, we are learning. The fishbowl is something that we slowly create together, to create the society or culture we desire. 

Fishbowl is set up: Basic instructions on how to set up the fishbowl. 

Fishbowl technology being repaired: Although there was a technological error, that is not the main subject of focus for the fishbowl. Rather it is how to make do in difficult situations, and make the best of them. This was explained in Aldous Huxley’s “Brave New World” when he discusses surviving a scary, dystopian world. It is about adapting to situations and overcoming them. To be most successful, we need to come to the fishbowl with an open mind, as explained in Luce Irigaray’s book To Be Two, which explains her process of reconstructing the women’s image. Men and women must mutually learn from each other, as they each have different perspectives. 

The fishbowl is on. Please register: More information on the fishbowl and what is expected of us. Continue practicing vocabulary.

Setting up 4 Topics in your fishbowl: Although we have thus far been “peering in the dark,” or trying to see what is ahead with very little information, we will soon be using the fishbowl. However, peeing in the dark has a bad connotation, so we are “standing on a diving board of a swimming pool” as that sounds much more exciting, and our fishbowl is going to be exciting. We are going to come together through the fishbowl and work with each other in the four categories listed in the letter. 

Being in the fishbowl: We have to work together to balance this course among otters, the level of participation in the fishbowl with our other responsibilities. Once this is achieved, we are most successful. Once again, the text we are creating is to be able to portray what we wish to portray through our words. We can describe specific images of what we are thinking with our words. Although there are four categories in the fishbowl, they are all intertwined, they relate to each other and depend on each other. Although we are all posting about the same topics, we will have different interpretations that we can learn from with each other. 

Google searches: co-existing visually: We are “inching forward,” or slowly getting the semester started. But once we better understand the fish bowl, we will be able to move forward much quicker, with leaps and bounds. It is compared to the Matrix, as if the professor is including how we are acting. By being told what to google, it is influencing the meaning we take away from the letters and the class. The metaphors are meant to stick with us, something that we can remember the ideas by. We should propose different and new ideas to continue allowing the conversation to flow. 

Surviving thus far: In this changing world, the wants of employers has also been changing. We need to be flexible and able to adapt in new environments. The fishbowl will help us do just that. In the fishbowl, the professor will be watching each of us closely. However, we are both looking at each other mutually, it is not one-sided.

erintorgersen

Posts: 9

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 3:25 pm

Re: Letters: Interpreting and deconstructing sentences

Fri Feb 05, 2021 4:26 pm

Sorting, sifting and selecting: We are told to be “polishing our shoes, steer clear from complexity, and press on” for now. This can be taken as getting ready, and preparing, keeping things simple (emphasised by the KISS principle mentioned later on), and continuing on in what we are doing through the fishbowl and course. For the fishbowl, we want to keep it very short but have impactful meanings. We should be carefully choosing the perfect words to explain what we are describing. We now have a more direct differentiation between the categories in the fishbowl, but that could only be found after we analyzed, learned, and prepared through more letters as the Fishbowl is a work-in-process. This is similar to Alain Badiou. He, as a philosopher, could not contain himself to one category, and neither should we in our work or in the fishbowl. 

Grades and Letters: Although those who do the vocabulary will succeed in learning new words, that is not enough. It is necessary to think of the vocabulary in its context. Therefore, while it is helpful to know the meaning of a word, it is not enough. One must also know how to use it to make it effective. Similarly, one cannot just be healthy by eating vegetables, they must also be put to work through exercise, and other healthy living activities. In this letter Derrida is relevant as he studied the connection between experience and consciousness. Each of us will, because of our experience and consciousness, will have slightly different interpretations of the letters. However, this will stimulate the sharing of ideas and communication to make the class more interesting.

From the fishbowl...everything has been strange lately

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/8/2021 11:53:46
Subject: metaphorical thinking
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

In this letter I'd like to talk about metaphorical thinking. Ideas about organizing and organizations (structures and forms) are always based on implicit images or metaphors that persuade us to see, understand, and manage situations in a particular way. Please see Erin Torgersen’s postings below. 

To think metaphorically is to be imaginative. Quoting Albert Einstein: “Imagination is more important than knowledge. To raise new questions, new possibilities, to regard old problems from a new angle, requires creative imagination and marks real advance in science.”

Whenever we think in metaphors, we are able to develop new ways of thinking. We are able to re-image ourselves and what we do. 

Metaphors create insight.

However, they also distort.

The way we see the world, the way we enter the unknown, the way we imagine the future, the way we do things, 

we often get trapped by our perspectives and assumptions,

ways of seeing become ways of not seeing.

There can be no single theory or metaphor that gives an all-purpose point of view, and there can be no simple “correct theory” for structuring everything we do.

Sanjiv

IMPLICIT, IMAGE, INSIGHT, PERSPECTIVE, ASSUMPTION, TRAP, IMAGINATION, METAPHORICAL-THINKING (please google)

From the fishbowl…

erintorgersen

Posts: 9

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 3:25 pm

Letters: Interpreting and deconstructing sentences

Thu Feb 04, 2021 7:34 pm

SYLLABI: MGT345 & MGT448: An introduction to the class with emphasis on being flexible, working in, and understanding the ever-changing environment around us. COVID is compared to “carrying a bunch of bags up a hill and not knowing how long you had to go” as we still don’t know when a “normal” will return, so the class has been designed to be a mode of open communication, rather than cause a great amount of stress. Through metaphor, we are told to take it slowly in the first few weeks to get used to the class. 

Lacing your shoes (345): As we go through the course it will make more sense through more letters, text we write, and text our peers write. By the end of the semester we will aim to have grown through these texts, especially in finding ourselves. Here we are compared to Deleuze to master the art of taking on new and different challenges to be constructive in what we are doing. In a digital world, we need to be able to express ourselves in a way to be seen and heard through our words. We are told to “hold our horses” aka be patient. We are said to be “climbing a rope” instead of “sliding a slope” which shows we are on a slow, steady incline to be building up to the end where we will look back and see how much we grew. “When the dust settles” refers to after the first few weeks of figuring out what we are doing to then go to the fishbowl. The final metaphor, “working side by side, shoulder to shoulder” says we are all in this together, and we are all doing the same work, and are going to get through the course with each other. 

Trilogy: “The stragglers are still trickling in” as before the drop add period ends there are slowly but surely more people entering the two classes. However, this is out of our control so “don’t sweat it,” or don’t worry about it. The larger idea of the fishbowl is to interact with our classmates, particularly those in our group to create a “culture” and communication around the letters. Because we can see each other's posts it is like a fishbowl, clear. We can see the fish, the fish can see us, just as each other’s writings. Eyes looking at eyes can be our own eyes staring at someone else's eyes on the other side of the fishbowl, or it can be our eyes staring at the fish’s eyes and vise versa. Write honestly and truthfully, and see where it takes you. 

Idiom and Lexicon: To begin with “this too shall pass” shows we are almost there in learning about the fishbowl and what it entails. We will know what to do soon, just as the early years of high school and elementary school seem very overwhelming, and confusing but eventually puts us on a track of where we are supposed to be. We will soon be in growth mode for the fishbowl just as after WWII. As we continue to grow and go into the real world, we will carry with us images that define us, as well as the words to describe them specifically creating who we are. We are often entering new things, which are fun and exciting, but it takes us a while to open up sometimes and get to know people. In contrast it can take a very short time for us to leave. While we are all watching each other, we are doing so as equals, not one is an actor, nor the other an audience. The vocabulary will help us to be able to get our point across in the best way possible. We can use it as needed (tools) or to make what we are saying sound better (jewelry). Practicing vocabulary will help to portray yourself and your thoughts through words. 

Re: Apology for Jumping the Gun: Explains the fishbowl and how it is set up. The professor did not mean to “jump the gun” as we are slowly building up to completing the fishbowl. All we can do is to get ready, or “sharpen our pencils.” The letters will hold different meanings based on our experience and how we interpret the words. 

The desire to learn and genesis of the fishbowl: Each of the parts of our mental, physical, emotional, and spiritual health are all intertwined. They affect each other both positively and negatively, as well as working together to form each of us individually. Through the fishbowl when we are working with others, presenting ourselves through text, and actively creating the environment that is the fishbowl, we are learning. The fishbowl is something that we slowly create together, to create the society or culture we desire. 

Fishbowl is set up: Basic instructions on how to set up the fishbowl. 

Fishbowl technology being repaired: Although there was a technological error, that is not the main subject of focus for the fishbowl. Rather it is how to make do in difficult situations, and make the best of them. This was explained in Aldous Huxley’s “Brave New World” when he discusses surviving a scary, dystopian world. It is about adapting to situations and overcoming them. To be most successful, we need to come to the fishbowl with an open mind, as explained in Luce Irigaray’s book To Be Two, which explains her process of reconstructing the women’s image. Men and women must mutually learn from each other, as they each have different perspectives. 

The fishbowl is on. Please register: More information on the fishbowl and what is expected of us. Continue practicing vocabulary.

Setting up 4 Topics in your fishbowl: Although we have thus far been “peering in the dark,” or trying to see what is ahead with very little information, we will soon be using the fishbowl. However, peeing in the dark has a bad connotation, so we are “standing on a diving board of a swimming pool” as that sounds much more exciting, and our fishbowl is going to be exciting. We are going to come together through the fishbowl and work with each other in the four categories listed in the letter. 

Being in the fishbowl: We have to work together to balance this course among otters, the level of participation in the fishbowl with our other responsibilities. Once this is achieved, we are most successful. Once again, the text we are creating is to be able to portray what we wish to portray through our words. We can describe specific images of what we are thinking with our words. Although there are four categories in the fishbowl, they are all intertwined, they relate to each other and depend on each other. Although we are all posting about the same topics, we will have different interpretations that we can learn from with each other. 

Google searches: co-existing visually: We are “inching forward,” or slowly getting the semester started. But once we better understand the fish bowl, we will be able to move forward much quicker, with leaps and bounds. It is compared to the Matrix, as if the professor is including how we are acting. By being told what to google, it is influencing the meaning we take away from the letters and the class. The metaphors are meant to stick with us, something that we can remember the ideas by. We should propose different and new ideas to continue allowing the conversation to flow. 

Surviving thus far: In this changing world, the wants of employers has also been changing. We need to be flexible and able to adapt in new environments. The fishbowl will help us do just that. In the fishbowl, the professor will be watching each of us closely. However, we are both looking at each other mutually, it is not one-sided.

erintorgersen

Posts: 9

Joined: Wed Feb 03, 2021 3:25 pm

Re: Letters: Interpreting and deconstructing sentences

Fri Feb 05, 2021 4:26 pm

Sorting, sifting and selecting: We are told to be “polishing our shoes, steer clear from complexity, and press on” for now. This can be taken as getting ready, and preparing, keeping things simple (emphasised by the KISS principle mentioned later on), and continuing on in what we are doing through the fishbowl and course. For the fishbowl, we want to keep it very short but have impactful meanings. We should be carefully choosing the perfect words to explain what we are describing. We now have a more direct differentiation between the categories in the fishbowl, but that could only be found after we analyzed, learned, and prepared through more letters as the Fishbowl is a work-in-process. This is similar to Alain Badiou. He, as a philosopher, could not contain himself to one category, and neither should we in our work or in the fishbowl. 

Grades and Letters: Although those who do the vocabulary will succeed in learning new words, that is not enough. It is necessary to think of the vocabulary in its context. Therefore, while it is helpful to know the meaning of a word, it is not enough. One must also know how to use it to make it effective. Similarly, one cannot just be healthy by eating vegetables, they must also be put to work through exercise, and other healthy living activities. In this letter Derrida is relevant as he studied the connection between experience and consciousness. Each of us will, because of our experience and consciousness, will have slightly different interpretations of the letters. However, this will stimulate the sharing of ideas and communication to make the class more interesting.

From the fishbowl...everything has been strange lately

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/7/2021 11:54:32
Subject: developing a practice and a process
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well and the fishbowl is not causing you distress. The fishbowl is a platform you are constructing, brick by brick (metaphor). It is the contribution of one responsible human creating use-value for viewers. I hope the grading system was agreeable to you. I repeat, no one will get below a B. The fact that you are here, and you are receiving my letters in your mailbox and in the fishbowl, entitles you to a B. 

At this point you should be registered and introduced yourselves in your forum.

Question: What would you do, if your task were to form a Society of Learners (345) and a Culture of Learning (448), because Learning is big business? And you have three months.

To begin with, we are not taking individual and collective learning for granted. At the end of the day, you want to be able to answer the question: what did you learn today? So when I asked a 5 year old, what did he learn in school today, "you don’t want to know," he replied, and ducked my question entirely, smashing through the wall!

How do I ‘look' at myself learning? 

In other words, how do I ‘observe' the Self engaged with Learning? 

And, how do I ‘see'? 

The emphasis is on process. On the “how so.” About the way of doing things. We’re big on it in the fishbowl. I refer to it as “experiential learning” (please google the term and pull out one idea).

“There you again," she said. “it is always about you, why don’t you look at me instead.” 

"Is this a gender issue or just my personality” he asked.

Please take a look at your four (fluid) categories. We’re already so different from each other; each on a trajectory in space among the stars. 

Every posting of yours in this constellation is an event. PLease google Alain Badiou and ‘event.' Every posting by you brings to light possibilities that were invisible or even unthinkable at the moment of viewing. 

Your four categories are creating a word-pool in which we are immersed. 

You are drawing a boundary around a collection of words. 

You are forming a language in use, known as 'discourse situations.’ 

Please google Discourse.

By definition, discourse is the use of language for communicative purposes in specific contextual and generic situations. This will make sense to you later, but keep it in mind.

vocabulary

notes

letters

assignments

What are we doing with these categories? That is to say, what are we doing with this on-going discourse; with these discourse situations

Developing a voice, a point of view, an image, and feelings. Always stay with the Feeling. There has to be Desire.

So How are we going about it? This development.

We are setting up a practice and a process.

And, we talk endlessly about our practices and processes; our pathways into the unknown...

You could say, we are developing a practice and a process to share a world that is yet to be.

"The world that we can share is always and still to be elaborated by us and between us starting from the perception and affirmation of what and who we are as humans here and now.” (Luce Irigaray, Sharing the World.)

In our fishbowls, everything we do, and every decision we take, every selection we make, we will be guided by the Gurus. 

And we will be open-minded and keep our word structures fluid as we stand on their shoulders.

Sanjiv

DEVELOP, PRACTICE, PROCESS, PATHWAY, DISCOURSE, LEARNING, BOUNDARY, IMMERSE, EVENT

from the fishbowl...doing google searches

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/7/2021 11:52:06
Subject: developing a practice and a process
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well and the fishbowl is not causing you distress. The fishbowl is a platform you are constructing, brick by brick (metaphor). It is the contribution of one responsible human creating use-value for viewers. I hope the grading system was agreeable to you. I repeat, no one will get below a B. The fact that you are here, and you are receiving my letters in your mailbox and in the fishbowl, entitles you to a B. 

At this point you should be registered and introduced yourselves in your forum.

Question: What would you do, if your task were to form a Society of Learners (345) and a Culture of Learning (448), because Learning is big business? And you have three months.

To begin with, we are not taking individual and collective learning for granted. At the end of the day, you want to be able to answer the question: what did you learn today? So when I asked a 5 year old, what did he learn in school today, "you don’t want to know," he replied, and ducked my question entirely, smashing through the wall!

How do I ‘look' at myself learning? 

In other words, how do I ‘observe' the Self engaged with Learning? 

And, how do I ‘see'? 

The emphasis is on process. On the “how so.” About the way of doing things. We’re big on it in the fishbowl. I refer to it as “experiential learning” (please google the term and pull out one idea).

“There you again," she said. “it is always about you, why don’t you look at me instead.” 

"Is this a gender issue or just my personality” he asked.

Please take a look at your four (fluid) categories. We’re already so different from each other; each on a trajectory in space among the stars. 

Every posting of yours in this constellation is an event. PLease google Alain Badiou and ‘event.' Every posting by you brings to light possibilities that were invisible or even unthinkable at the moment of viewing. 

Your four categories are creating a word-pool in which we are immersed. 

You are drawing a boundary around a collection of words. 

You are forming a language in use, known as 'discourse situations.’ 

Please google Discourse.

By definition, discourse is the use of language for communicative purposes in specific contextual and generic situations. This will make sense to you later, but keep it in mind.

vocabulary

notes

letters

assignments

What are we doing with these categories? That is to say, what are we doing with this on-going discourse; with these discourse situations

Developing a voice, a point of view, an image, and feelings. Always stay with the Feeling. There has to be Desire.

So How are we going about it? This development.

We are setting up a practice and a process.

And, we talk endlessly about our practices and processes; our pathways into the unknown...

You could say, we are developing a practice and a process to share a world that is yet to be.

"The world that we can share is always and still to be elaborated by us and between us starting from the perception and affirmation of what and who we are as humans here and now.” (Luce Irigaray, Sharing the World.)

In our fishbowls, everything we do, and every decision we take, every selection we make, we will be guided by the Gurus. 

And we will be open-minded and keep our word structures fluid as we stand on their shoulders.

Sanjiv

DEVELOP, PRACTICE, PROCESS, PATHWAY, DISCOURSE, LEARNING, BOUNDARY, IMMERSE, EVENT

from the fishbowl...doing google searches

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/18/2020 13:04:53
Subject: and finally ... self-valorization again
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you doing? I hope you are keeping well. We have reached the end of our rope, but we survived. We could only have done it together through participation and engagement.

Your self-generated text asserts that the experience of globalization is one of experiencing 'mass autonomous labor,' or, more precisely still, a 'multitude of productive singularities.’ Globalization radically blasts away the set of old criteria for measuring and evaluating your knowledge, learning and productive value and this triggers a whole sequence of conceptual dissolutions. 

There has been a transformation of concepts and we must take stock of the irreversible character of the globalization process in all spheres of activities.

By irreversibility, I mean, first of all, the objective impossibility of reinstating the conditions of Taylorism, and Fordist production. These can no longer be recovered, I’m afraid. 

Second, this irreversibility of globalization applies to the modification of subjective behavior both in terms of one's labor, learning and generating 'productive value' and, from the point of view of the constitution of the social tie. Please see April Younkin’s posting below.

Third, globalization represents destruction of the spatial determination of things, like organizational charts, work-load/assessment criteria, course/curriculum design, and dichotomies, like, professor/student. This crisis is irreversible, so is the emergence of new concepts around People, Personhood and Sovereignty. A discussion on the concept of measuring and evaluating your fishbowl is therefore essential. In this regard, what I have to say is that we must concern ourselves with the measure of productive value and not global knowledge per se. Consequently, self-valorization has become a key concept.

Finally, no more letters from me in the fishbowl. After tomorrow, December 19, I will be in retreat, working on your grades. The process has begun in earnest. Looking in the mirror is always a difficult time, more so than being stuck inside.

Sanjiv

TAYLORISM, FORDISM, IRREVERSIBLE, MEASURE, EVALUATE, VALORIZE, PERSONHOOD, SOVEREIGNITY

from the fishbowl...

aprilyounkin

Posts: 172

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 8:40 pm

Self-Valorization

 Fri Dec 18, 2020 3:39 am

“Takes responsibility and ownership of self-created text.”

I feel proud of the work I have created in The Fishbowl and I have surprised myself multiple times with the ideas and thoughts that flow out of me. I especially like this category “Making Notes” because this is where I jot down random ideas that I have. I respond to text that stands out to me, and I only write my inner thoughts. I do not take from outside sources when I am “Making Notes.” I feel like I have the most flexibility and versatility in this category because I can just let loose whatever comes to mind.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/18/2020 13:04:01
Subject: and finally ... self-valorization again
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you doing? I hope you are keeping well. We have reached the end of our rope, but we survived. We could only have done it together through participation and engagement.

Your self-generated text asserts that the experience of globalization is one of experiencing 'mass autonomous labor,' or, more precisely still, a 'multitude of productive singularities.’ Globalization radically blasts away the set of old criteria for measuring and evaluating your knowledge, learning and productive value and this triggers a whole sequence of conceptual dissolutions. 

There has been a transformation of concepts and we must take stock of the irreversible character of the globalization process in all spheres of activities.

By irreversibility, I mean, first of all, the objective impossibility of reinstating the conditions of Taylorism, and Fordist production. These can no longer be recovered, I’m afraid. 

Second, this irreversibility of globalization applies to the modification of subjective behavior both in terms of one's labor, learning and generating 'productive value' and, from the point of view of the constitution of the social tie. Please see April Younkin’s posting below.

Third, globalization represents destruction of the spatial determination of things, like organizational charts, work-load/assessment criteria, course/curriculum design, and dichotomies, like, professor/student. This crisis is irreversible, so is the emergence of new concepts around People, Personhood and Sovereignty. A discussion on the concept of measuring and evaluating your fishbowl is therefore essential. In this regard, what I have to say is that we must concern ourselves with the measure of productive value and not global knowledge per se. Consequently, self-valorization has become a key concept.

Finally, no more letters from me in the fishbowl. After tomorrow, December 19, I will be in retreat, working on your grades. The process has begun in earnest. Looking in the mirror is always a difficult time, more so than being stuck inside.

Sanjiv

TAYLORISM, FORDISM, IRREVERSIBLE, MEASURE, EVALUATE, VALORIZE, PERSONHOOD, SOVEREIGNITY

from the fishbowl...

aprilyounkin

Posts: 172

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 8:40 pm

Self-Valorization

 Fri Dec 18, 2020 3:39 am

“Takes responsibility and ownership of self-created text.”

I feel proud of the work I have created in The Fishbowl and I have surprised myself multiple times with the ideas and thoughts that flow out of me. I especially like this category “Making Notes” because this is where I jot down random ideas that I have. I respond to text that stands out to me, and I only write my inner thoughts. I do not take from outside sources when I am “Making Notes.” I feel like I have the most flexibility and versatility in this category because I can just let loose whatever comes to mind.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/17/2020 2:09:44
Subject: intertextuality and intersubjectivity: palimpsest
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

We create knowledge and a knowing by juxtaposing layers of "intertextuality" and "intersubjectivity" and then peeling back the layers.

I describe this process by extracting from Joseph Dugas’ posting below.

"a) You should always take your own thoughts into consideration, and to always strive to study and contemplate yourself for your true self-aware self."

"Often I forget what is most important, my mental health. Most days I use my thoughts just to get by day to day. But, lately I have learned to listen to my own thoughts and truly understand them. It is important to understand yourself. Before you find yourself, you must strive to. If you do not use your own thoughts and ideas, you just are a sheep. Self reflection is essential. The time I truly self reflected and became self-aware is when I got alopecia universalis when I was 19. I found myself lost, and worried that I wouldn't be like others. But as time passed I realized it doesn't matter what people think. It doesn't affect me. My self reflection has shown me that I was unique, and to always embrace that. Without self reflection I do not believe I would truly accept these thoughts." (Joseph Dugas)

To begin with, I choose to edit and simplify his original structure for my own understanding, and without apology:

My edit to read: 

"Being True to your Thoughts leads to Self-Awareness.” (Dugas, J., Fishbowl, 2020)

Then through iteration and a back and forth of editing, I proceed to answer the How so and Why so question for real, and 

take my understanding further by juxtaposing new text that makes sense for me.

“Being True to your Thoughts leads to Self-Awareness"

How so?

The courage to be yourself.

How so?

Being Unafraid to feel.

How so?

“No one can build you the bridge on which you, and only you, must cross the river of life,” wrote the thirty-year-old Nietzsche. 

“The true and durable path into and through experience,” Nobel-winning poet Seamus Heaney counseled the young more than a century later in his magnificent commencement address, “involves being true … to your own solitude, true to your own secret knowledge.”

How so?

In his assignment below, Joseph Dugas, (like each of you Actors, Stars in your Crown) is "true to his own solitude, true to his own secret knowledge.”

This is important. Why so? 

Your expression of a real life experience is to empower your text and your self.

My knowledge creation and knowing process above is arbitrary and it cannot be copied nor repeated. It makes sense to me and hopefully to you. That has been the objective of your postings in the fishbowl all along.

Welcome to our phantasmal world aka the fishbowl, where our minds meet without fear nor prejudice. And we give meaning to each other’s personhood.

Sanjiv

Please google INTERTEXTUALITY, INTERSUBJECTIVITY

from the fishbowl...

josephdugas

Posts: 218

Joined: Wed Sep 02, 2020 2:35 pm

Contact: Contact josephdugas

Re: Individual Assignments

Wed Dec 16, 2020 12:50 pm

Final Assignment

"Steps for the Assignment

1. Scroll down the fishbowl.

2. Select 6 words that are symbols having an image. These are six perceptual categories.

3. Pair the six words in step 2, and create 3 dichotomies.

4. Construct word pools for each of the dichotomies in step 3.

5. Create 3 sentence structures from the dichotomies and word pools in step 4.

6. Do 3 felt-experience paragraphs that “fit" the sentence structures in step 5."

1. Scroll down the fishbowl.

I went through letters sent by Sanjiv and tried to pick out the essential topics we went over this semester.

2. Select 6 words that are symbols having an image. These are six perceptual categories.

Audience, self, procedure, pandemic, knowledge, reflections

3. Pair the six words in step 2, and create 3 dichotomies.

a) self reflections

b) pandemic procedure

c) audience knowledge

4. Construct word pools for each of the dichotomies in step 3.

a) subjective, thoughts, reflecting, self-aware, yourself, you, I, me, consideration, view, idea, contemplation, study, brainwork, opionion

b) health, action, safe, sickness, agenda, strategy, performance, mode, channels, form, conduct, diffuse, prevalent, restricted, alone

c) people, perception, public, fans, spectators, viewers, listen, theory, instruction, aware, judgement, insight

5. Create 3 sentence structures from the dichotomies and word pools in step 4.

a) You should always take your own thoughts into consideration, and to always strive to study and contemplate yourself for your true self-aware self.

b) People's health is the most important, we must diffuse this sickness with safe action.

c) The public are just spectators to your own play, but it is important to be aware of their insight.

6. Do 3 felt-experience paragraphs that “fit" the sentence structures in step 5.

a) You should always take your own thoughts into consideration, and to always strive to study and contemplate yourself for your true self-aware self.

Often I forget what is most important, my mental health. Most days I use my thoughts just to get by day to day. But, lately I have learned to listen to my own thoughts and truly understand them. It is important to understand yourself. Before you find yourself, you must strive to. If you do not use your own thoughts and ideas, you just are a sheep. Self reflection is essential. The time I truly self reflected and became self-aware is when I got alopecia universalis when I was 19. I found myself lost, and worried that I wouldn't be like others. But as time passed I realized it doesn't matter what people think. It doesn't affect me. My self reflection has shown me that I was unique, and to always embrace that. Without self reflection I do not believe I would truly accept these thoughts.

b) People's health is the most important, we must diffuse this sickness with safe action.

Nowadays, it is difficult to imagine us without COVID. But, until that time comes we must take into account other peoples safety and health. A lot of people are disregarding others just because they are impatient for things to be back to "normal". In order to get rid of COVID, we need to do so with a safe action. If we don't leave our house for 2 weeks, theoretically, the coronavirus should go away. But for the most part, irresponsible people are making COVID continue. An experience of mine was when I was in public and a person refused to wear a mask in public. This view was baffling to me. To think people think that wearing a mask is a "statement", or some means of being controlled. If wearing a mask means making a step to truly help society for the greater good, it is the least I can do. I hope people realize they are wasting time, and it is time to go back to "normal", without COVID.

c) The public are just spectators to your own play, but it is important to be aware of their insight.

In life, you go day by day in your head. In your own actions. In your own little world. As you pass people on the street, converse with family members, or friends, you realize they have their own world. You act as if you are the most important entity in this world, naturally, because it is all you have very known. Your own play, if you will. But, it is essential to to be aware of other peoples insight, words, thoughts, or perception. An experience of this is The Fishbowl. I found my self not caring about other people's perception on certain aspects of life. But I quickly realized it will add to my own perception. Giving me words, experiences, thoughts, that I didn't know could live within my own mind, or world, or play. It is interesting to see how other peoples words can add to your own, even if they are not talking to you directly. I appreciate The Fishbowl for giving me this notion of the importance of being aware of other people's insight.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/17/2020 2:06:18
Subject: intertextuality and intersubjectivity: palimpsest
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

We create knowledge and a knowing by juxtaposing layers of "intertextuality" and "intersubjectivity" and then peeling back the layers.

I describe this process by extracting from Joseph Dugas’ posting below.

"a) You should always take your own thoughts into consideration, and to always strive to study and contemplate yourself for your true self-aware self."

"Often I forget what is most important, my mental health. Most days I use my thoughts just to get by day to day. But, lately I have learned to listen to my own thoughts and truly understand them. It is important to understand yourself. Before you find yourself, you must strive to. If you do not use your own thoughts and ideas, you just are a sheep. Self reflection is essential. The time I truly self reflected and became self-aware is when I got alopecia universalis when I was 19. I found myself lost, and worried that I wouldn't be like others. But as time passed I realized it doesn't matter what people think. It doesn't affect me. My self reflection has shown me that I was unique, and to always embrace that. Without self reflection I do not believe I would truly accept these thoughts." (Joseph Dugas)

To begin with, I choose to edit and simplify his original structure for my own understanding, and without apology:

My edit to read: 

"Being True to your Thoughts leads to Self-Awareness.” (Dugas, J., Fishbowl, 2020)

Then through iteration and a back and forth of editing, I proceed to answer the How so and Why so question for real, and 

take my understanding further by juxtaposing new text that makes sense for me.

“Being True to your Thoughts leads to Self-Awareness"

How so?

The courage to be yourself.

How so?

Being Unafraid to feel.

How so?

“No one can build you the bridge on which you, and only you, must cross the river of life,” wrote the thirty-year-old Nietzsche. 

“The true and durable path into and through experience,” Nobel-winning poet Seamus Heaney counseled the young more than a century later in his magnificent commencement address, “involves being true … to your own solitude, true to your own secret knowledge.”

How so?

In his assignment below, Joseph Dugas, (like each of you Actors, Stars in your Crown) is "true to his own solitude, true to his own secret knowledge.”

This is important. Why so? 

Your expression of a real life experience is to empower your text and your self.

My knowledge creation and knowing process above is arbitrary and it cannot be copied nor repeated. It makes sense to me and hopefully to you. That has been the objective of your postings in the fishbowl all along.

Welcome to our phantasmal world aka the fishbowl, where our minds meet without fear nor prejudice. And we give meaning to each other’s personhood.

Sanjiv

Please google INTERTEXTUALITY, INTERSUBJECTIVITY

from the fishbowl...

josephdugas

Posts: 218

Joined: Wed Sep 02, 2020 2:35 pm

Contact: Contact josephdugas

Re: Individual Assignments

Wed Dec 16, 2020 12:50 pm

Final Assignment

"Steps for the Assignment

1. Scroll down the fishbowl.

2. Select 6 words that are symbols having an image. These are six perceptual categories.

3. Pair the six words in step 2, and create 3 dichotomies.

4. Construct word pools for each of the dichotomies in step 3.

5. Create 3 sentence structures from the dichotomies and word pools in step 4.

6. Do 3 felt-experience paragraphs that “fit" the sentence structures in step 5."

1. Scroll down the fishbowl.

I went through letters sent by Sanjiv and tried to pick out the essential topics we went over this semester.

2. Select 6 words that are symbols having an image. These are six perceptual categories.

Audience, self, procedure, pandemic, knowledge, reflections

3. Pair the six words in step 2, and create 3 dichotomies.

a) self reflections

b) pandemic procedure

c) audience knowledge

4. Construct word pools for each of the dichotomies in step 3.

a) subjective, thoughts, reflecting, self-aware, yourself, you, I, me, consideration, view, idea, contemplation, study, brainwork, opionion

b) health, action, safe, sickness, agenda, strategy, performance, mode, channels, form, conduct, diffuse, prevalent, restricted, alone

c) people, perception, public, fans, spectators, viewers, listen, theory, instruction, aware, judgement, insight

5. Create 3 sentence structures from the dichotomies and word pools in step 4.

a) You should always take your own thoughts into consideration, and to always strive to study and contemplate yourself for your true self-aware self.

b) People's health is the most important, we must diffuse this sickness with safe action.

c) The public are just spectators to your own play, but it is important to be aware of their insight.

6. Do 3 felt-experience paragraphs that “fit" the sentence structures in step 5.

a) You should always take your own thoughts into consideration, and to always strive to study and contemplate yourself for your true self-aware self.

Often I forget what is most important, my mental health. Most days I use my thoughts just to get by day to day. But, lately I have learned to listen to my own thoughts and truly understand them. It is important to understand yourself. Before you find yourself, you must strive to. If you do not use your own thoughts and ideas, you just are a sheep. Self reflection is essential. The time I truly self reflected and became self-aware is when I got alopecia universalis when I was 19. I found myself lost, and worried that I wouldn't be like others. But as time passed I realized it doesn't matter what people think. It doesn't affect me. My self reflection has shown me that I was unique, and to always embrace that. Without self reflection I do not believe I would truly accept these thoughts.

b) People's health is the most important, we must diffuse this sickness with safe action.

Nowadays, it is difficult to imagine us without COVID. But, until that time comes we must take into account other peoples safety and health. A lot of people are disregarding others just because they are impatient for things to be back to "normal". In order to get rid of COVID, we need to do so with a safe action. If we don't leave our house for 2 weeks, theoretically, the coronavirus should go away. But for the most part, irresponsible people are making COVID continue. An experience of mine was when I was in public and a person refused to wear a mask in public. This view was baffling to me. To think people think that wearing a mask is a "statement", or some means of being controlled. If wearing a mask means making a step to truly help society for the greater good, it is the least I can do. I hope people realize they are wasting time, and it is time to go back to "normal", without COVID.

c) The public are just spectators to your own play, but it is important to be aware of their insight.

In life, you go day by day in your head. In your own actions. In your own little world. As you pass people on the street, converse with family members, or friends, you realize they have their own world. You act as if you are the most important entity in this world, naturally, because it is all you have very known. Your own play, if you will. But, it is essential to to be aware of other peoples insight, words, thoughts, or perception. An experience of this is The Fishbowl. I found my self not caring about other people's perception on certain aspects of life. But I quickly realized it will add to my own perception. Giving me words, experiences, thoughts, that I didn't know could live within my own mind, or world, or play. It is interesting to see how other peoples words can add to your own, even if they are not talking to you directly. I appreciate The Fishbowl for giving me this notion of the importance of being aware of other people's insight.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/16/2020 12:16:19
Subject: mirrors and windows: participatory action research
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

I. Mirrors and Windows 

Both metaphors for the fishbowl. 

Mirror/Window--------Reflection/Frame

We grow and change through new metaphors and images. 

And thus we begin new lives, realities and experiences. 

Looking 

in Mirrors (reflection) and 

out of Windows (frameworks).

Inwards/Outwards

What do you see and, what action did you take?

II. Action and Learning

Your fishbowl postings are known as Action Learning or Action Research (please google).

Your process and practice combines both action and learning. 

Your process builds on the idea that it is possible (for your process) to achieve the dual objective of:

1. producing useful knowledge

2. helping your viewers gain a better understanding of their own situations

"How so? This sounds too intellectual. Why don’t you beam me up."

Whenever you create a dichotomy and construct an abstract structure, (I trust you are with me) you are producing knowledge and creating theory whose application are of use to your readers.

After that, whenever you “fit" a felt-experience to your abstraction, you open up the possibility for your viewer to gain a better understanding of their own situation. They do so by comparing and contrasting felt-experiences.

"Ok. Do you want to dumb it down? How will this be useful to me at my stage and circumstance in life?"

To get that job, here’s what you are claiming in your skill set...

You are concerned with 

fusing the development of theory and practice and 

to understand your group participants 

in some kind of direct involvement and problem-solving activity, 

rather than as more detached academic observers.

Your skill is most often used in problem-oriented contexts, where you are helping to explore a problem or set of issues or to unlock some kind of new initiative. It is Participatory Action Research (please google).

Please view your fishbowl in this light.

Let me put it another way...

The aim of the fishbowl is to create a learning setting

where different perspectives

are brought to a common problem

so that the problem can be solved and,

in the process, everyone improves their problem-solving skills.

At the end of the day, when it is all said and done, please know, you are liked best when you are most yourself.

Sanjiv

ACTION, LEARNING, MIRROR, WINDOW, REFLECT, FRAME

from the fishbowl...

alexrampone

Posts: 72

Joined: Wed Sep 02, 2020 2:01 pm

Re: Individual Assignments

Tue Dec 15, 2020 8:34 pm

Reflective Practice - the ability to reflect on one's actions so as to engage in a process of continuous learning. According to one definition it involves "paying critical attention to the practical values and theories which inform everyday actions, by examining practice reflectively and reflexively.

I feel as if this class has greatly improved my reflective practices. After reading your emails and doing research, I often think about these concepts throughout the day and acknowledge them on a day to day basis. It has changed my scope on life to have a more theoretical view on life and show the reason behind the actions of a person, group or culture.

The same also goes for this class. As the class has progressed, I have thought of ways that I can improve my thought process from the beginning of the semester versus now. I have even though of more ways that I can improve my past in general. I believe this class should be taught at many different levels because it can be used to give people the opportunity to truly think about their actions and enter "the fishbowl state of mind" where you can learn to build on yourself and understand the way others act.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/16/2020 12:11:41
Subject: mirrors and windows: participatory action research
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

I. Mirrors and Windows 

Both metaphors for the fishbowl. 

Mirror/Window--------Reflection/Frame

We grow and change through new metaphors and images. 

And thus we begin new lives, realities and experiences. 

Looking 

in Mirrors (reflection) and 

out of Windows (frameworks).

Inwards/Outwards

What do you see and, what action did you take?

II. Action and Learning

Your fishbowl postings are known as Action Learning or Action Research (please google).

Your process and practice combines both action and learning. 

Your process builds on the idea that it is possible (for your process) to achieve the dual objective of:

1. producing useful knowledge

2. helping your viewers gain a better understanding of their own situations

"How so? This sounds too intellectual. Why don’t you beam me up."

Whenever you create a dichotomy and construct an abstract structure, (I trust you are with me) you are producing knowledge and creating theory whose application are of use to your readers.

After that, whenever you “fit" a felt-experience to your abstraction, you open up the possibility for your viewer to gain a better understanding of their own situation. They do so by comparing and contrasting felt-experiences.

"Ok. Do you want to dumb it down? How will this be useful to me at my stage and circumstance in life?"

To get that job, here’s what you are claiming in your skill set...

You are concerned with 

fusing the development of theory and practice and 

to understand your group participants 

in some kind of direct involvement and problem-solving activity, 

rather than as more detached academic observers.

Your skill is most often used in problem-oriented contexts, where you are helping to explore a problem or set of issues or to unlock some kind of new initiative. It is Participatory Action Research (please google).

Please view your fishbowl in this light.

Let me put it another way...

The aim of the fishbowl is to create a learning setting

where different perspectives

are brought to a common problem

so that the problem can be solved and,

in the process, everyone improves their problem-solving skills.

At the end of the day, when it is all said and done, please know, you are liked best when you are most yourself.

Sanjiv

ACTION, LEARNING, MIRROR, WINDOW, REFLECT, FRAME

from the fishbowl...

alexrampone

Posts: 72

Joined: Wed Sep 02, 2020 2:01 pm

Re: Individual Assignments

 Tue Dec 15, 2020 8:34 pm

Reflective Practice - the ability to reflect on one's actions so as to engage in a process of continuous learning. According to one definition it involves "paying critical attention to the practical values and theories which inform everyday actions, by examining practice reflectively and reflexively.

I feel as if this class has greatly improved my reflective practices. After reading your emails and doing research, I often think about these concepts throughout the day and acknowledge them on a day to day basis. It has changed my scope on life to have a more theoretical view on life and show the reason behind the actions of a person, group or culture.

The same also goes for this class. As the class has progressed, I have thought of ways that I can improve my thought process from the beginning of the semester versus now. I have even though of more ways that I can improve my past in general. I believe this class should be taught at many different levels because it can be used to give people the opportunity to truly think about their actions and enter "the fishbowl state of mind" where you can learn to build on yourself and understand the way others act.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/15/2020 12:12:17
Subject: self-valorization
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Please see Dana DiCristofaro’s posting regarding the final assignment below:

"When crafting an inspiring theatre production a writer must dismantle their current life and combine it back together in a cohesive story." (DiCristofaro, Fishbowl, 20)

Suggestions:

1. I would return to this structure and 'further tighten and expand' (paradox) its meaning:

Re-edit: “Crafting production is to dismantle and re-combine elements in a cohesive way.”

2. The above abstraction is created and constructed by Dana DiCristofaro through an iterative process. 

3. It is an abstraction because it is a general statement and contains universal truth. 

4. When Dana DiCristofaro “fits” a felt-experience to his abstraction, he takes responsibility and ownership of his self-created text. 

He gives it worth. It is self-valorization.

"Growing up, one of my favorite weekend activities with my mother was attending Broadway plays As I have grown older I have been able to spend more time researching and immersing myself in the broadway production process. I learned that when crafting an inspiring theatre production a writer must dismantle their current life and combine it back together in a cohesive story. One of our favorite plays was Come From Away. This play was about an island that was forced to invite airline passengers to stay for over a month because of the 9/11 travel ban. This play was a theatrical retelling of real events that allowed each viewer to understand what the passengers went through during this experience. By transporting ourselves into this new experience we were able to gain a new perspective when approaching problems." (DiCristofaro, Fishbowl, 20)

5. The outcome that we see in Dana’s process is a generative text and moving images. 

6. He has created knowledge content through a process of knowing and being in the moment. His is "lived abstraction." 

How did he do it? What are his techniques?

7. Reflective Practice; Participant-Observation; Symbolic Interactionism.

8. Dana DiCristofaro is apparently an Interpretivist and Social Constructivist and he may be considered to be a Post-structuralist.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

danadicristofaro

Posts: 170

Joined: Wed Sep 02, 2020 10:23 am

Coming to the end...

 Mon Dec 14, 2020 10:13 pm

1. Scroll down the fishbowl.

2. Select 6 words that are symbols having an image. There are 6 perceptual categories

Absorb Embed. Contemplate Dismantle Adopt Theatre

3. Pair the six words in step 2, and create 3 dichotomies

Dismantle - Theatre. Absorb - Embed Contemplate - Adopt

4. Construct word pools for each of the dichotomies in step 3

Dismantle - Theatre: disassemble, destroy, strip, dramatics, combine, link

Absorb - Embed: ingest, consume, sponge, enclose, ingrain, install

Contemplate - Adopt: Consider, ponder, propose, weigh, embrace, maintain, adapt, support

5. Create 3 sentence structures from the dichotomies and word pools in step 4

When crafting an inspiring theatre production a writer must dismantle their current life and combine it back together in a cohesive story.

Each of Sanjiv's letters contains embedded meanings that we are allowed to absorb through repetition like a sponge.

Through exposing new readings and experiences I have been able to contemplate, adapt, and adopt new routines into my life.

6. Do 3 Felt experience paragraphs that "fit" the sentence structures in step 5

Growing up, one of my favorite weekend activities with my mother was attending Broadway plays As I have grown older I have been able to spend more time researching and immersing myself in the broadway production process. I learned that when crafting an inspiring theatre production a writer must dismantle their current life and combine it back together in a cohesive story. One of our favorite plays was Come From Away. This play was about an island that was forced to invite airline passengers to stay for over a month because of the 9/11 travel ban. This play was a theatrical retelling of real events that allowed each viewer to understand what the passengers went through during this experience. By transporting ourselves into this new experience we were able to gain a new perspective when approaching problems.

Upon entering this class I had no previous assumptions about the structure or learning style I would be exposed to. But, through carefully reading and rereading each of Sanjiv's letter I have been able to introduce new words and sentence structures into my own life. Each of Sanjiv's letters contains embedded meanings that we are allowed to absorb through repetition like a sponge. I found the most influential letters were the ones that quickly allowed for a connection into my daily life.

Through exposing new readings and experiences I have been able to contemplate, adapt, and adopt new routines into my life. I am currently reading a book called "Lean Brands" that focuses on the way marketing can change and transform throughout decades in different countries. My favorite example thus far has been about coke and their change in logo depending upon the distribution site. When I was in Europe, I was able to experience this change first hand. I found the coke in Europe was marketed different and contained less of a syrupy flavor than the United state's coke.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/15/2020 12:11:24
Subject: self-valorization
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Please see Dana DiCristofaro’s posting regarding the final assignment below:

"When crafting an inspiring theatre production a writer must dismantle their current life and combine it back together in a cohesive story." (DiCristofaro, Fishbowl, 20)

Suggestions:

1. I would return to this structure and 'further tighten and expand' (paradox) its meaning:

Re-edit: “Crafting production is to dismantle and re-combine elements in a cohesive way.”

2. The above abstraction is created and constructed by Dana DiCristofaro through an iterative process. 

3. It is an abstraction because it is a general statement and contains universal truth. 

4. When Dana DiCristofaro “fits” a felt-experience to his abstraction, he takes responsibility and ownership of his self-created text. 

He gives it worth. It is self-valorization.

"Growing up, one of my favorite weekend activities with my mother was attending Broadway plays As I have grown older I have been able to spend more time researching and immersing myself in the broadway production process. I learned that when crafting an inspiring theatre production a writer must dismantle their current life and combine it back together in a cohesive story. One of our favorite plays was Come From Away. This play was about an island that was forced to invite airline passengers to stay for over a month because of the 9/11 travel ban. This play was a theatrical retelling of real events that allowed each viewer to understand what the passengers went through during this experience. By transporting ourselves into this new experience we were able to gain a new perspective when approaching problems." (DiCristofaro, Fishbowl, 20)

5. The outcome that we see in Dana’s process is a generative text and moving images. 

6. He has created knowledge content through a process of knowing and being in the moment. His is "lived abstraction." 

How did he do it? What are his techniques?

7. Reflective Practice; Participant-Observation; Symbolic Interactionism.

8. Dana DiCristofaro is apparently an Interpretivist and Social Constructivist and he may be considered to be a Post-structuralist.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

danadicristofaro

Posts: 170

Joined: Wed Sep 02, 2020 10:23 am

Coming to the end...

 Mon Dec 14, 2020 10:13 pm

1. Scroll down the fishbowl.

2. Select 6 words that are symbols having an image. There are 6 perceptual categories

Absorb Embed. Contemplate Dismantle Adopt Theatre

3. Pair the six words in step 2, and create 3 dichotomies

Dismantle - Theatre. Absorb - Embed Contemplate - Adopt

4. Construct word pools for each of the dichotomies in step 3

Dismantle - Theatre: disassemble, destroy, strip, dramatics, combine, link

Absorb - Embed: ingest, consume, sponge, enclose, ingrain, install

Contemplate - Adopt: Consider, ponder, propose, weigh, embrace, maintain, adapt, support

5. Create 3 sentence structures from the dichotomies and word pools in step 4

When crafting an inspiring theatre production a writer must dismantle their current life and combine it back together in a cohesive story.

Each of Sanjiv's letters contains embedded meanings that we are allowed to absorb through repetition like a sponge.

Through exposing new readings and experiences I have been able to contemplate, adapt, and adopt new routines into my life.

6. Do 3 Felt experience paragraphs that "fit" the sentence structures in step 5

Growing up, one of my favorite weekend activities with my mother was attending Broadway plays As I have grown older I have been able to spend more time researching and immersing myself in the broadway production process. I learned that when crafting an inspiring theatre production a writer must dismantle their current life and combine it back together in a cohesive story. One of our favorite plays was Come From Away. This play was about an island that was forced to invite airline passengers to stay for over a month because of the 9/11 travel ban. This play was a theatrical retelling of real events that allowed each viewer to understand what the passengers went through during this experience. By transporting ourselves into this new experience we were able to gain a new perspective when approaching problems.

Upon entering this class I had no previous assumptions about the structure or learning style I would be exposed to. But, through carefully reading and rereading each of Sanjiv's letter I have been able to introduce new words and sentence structures into my own life. Each of Sanjiv's letters contains embedded meanings that we are allowed to absorb through repetition like a sponge. I found the most influential letters were the ones that quickly allowed for a connection into my daily life.

Through exposing new readings and experiences I have been able to contemplate, adapt, and adopt new routines into my life. I am currently reading a book called "Lean Brands" that focuses on the way marketing can change and transform throughout decades in different countries. My favorite example thus far has been about coke and their change in logo depending upon the distribution site. When I was in Europe, I was able to experience this change first hand. I found the coke in Europe was marketed different and contained less of a syrupy flavor than the United state's coke.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/14/2020 20:25:23
Subject: looking at you
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you will continue to err on the side of caution during the holidays.

Your process in the fishbowl supports a creative process steeped in exploration and results in tangible outcomes while promoting self-knowledge, self-expression, and an understanding of your relation to the world. During the pandemic you fostered and formed relationships that were expansive and multivalent.

Your postings return to the idea that an individual’s relationship to a text is itself a dialogue, in which both you and the text participate, listen to one another, and evolve together. Please see Lindsay Dowd’s reflections below. All semester you described the elements of narrative and visual linguistics that formed and transformed you in becoming uniquely inventive thinkers and makers. 

In the end, while committed to sharing your special skills, expertise, and writing strategies, you were largely about cultivating the opportunity and freedom to enter the unknown.

Sanjiv

MULTIVALENT, EXPANSIVE

from the fishbowl...

lindsaydowd

Posts: 88

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 8:21 pm

Re: Assembling Text

Mon Dec 14, 2020 1:53 pm

Technology plays a huge role in our lives. School and our education is mostly online and we constantly have our phones on hand. It is quite difficult for people to put it down. We have this constant expectation to respond to people and it is affecting our ability to be in the moment.

lindsaydowd

Posts: 88

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 8:21 pm

Re: Assembling Text

 Mon Dec 14, 2020 2:07 pm

Having structure gives us boundaries. It gives us some sort of path for our future. Whether this future is the upcoming day or a weeks, months, or even days to come. As we continue on our structure changes but structure will always be present in our lives in some shape or form.

lindsaydowd

Posts: 88

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 8:21 pm

Re: Assembling Text

Mon Dec 14, 2020 2:09 pm

Through reflection, I believed in myself and who I wished to be. I have always had strong values of my own and been a very sensitive loving person and I wouldn't change that for the world. Thinking back, I wouldn't necessarily project who I am today but I am nothing but proud of who I have become and look forward to what's to come in my future.

lindsaydowd

Posts: 88

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 8:21 pm

Re: Assembling Text

Mon Dec 14, 2020 2:10 pm

The more you give, the more you will get in return. The fishbowl will give you more when you give to it. That's how it works.

lindsaydowd

Posts: 88

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 8:21 pm

Re: Assembling Text

 Mon Dec 14, 2020 2:11 pm

Compare and contract thoughts and actions. As you understand the similarities but more importantly, the difference you will continue to form as an individual. Action is to communicate, thoughts are the ways of thinking.

lindsaydowd

Posts: 88

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 8:21 pm

Re: Assembling Text

Mon Dec 14, 2020 2:12 pm

Personally, as I receive emails I read them over but I come back to them when I reflect in the fishbowl. It works better for me that way I have more time to understand and reflect on each letter.

lindsaydowd

Posts: 88

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 8:21 pm

Re: Assembling Text

Mon Dec 14, 2020 2:17 pm

Meaningful posts are key in this course. You need to make sure you are including quality incite, that way your team and other classmates can take something away from your posts. It is important to share your individual work and reflection that way there is a variety or perspective to see.

lindsaydowd

Posts: 88

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 8:21 pm

Re: Assembling Text

Mon Dec 14, 2020 2:19 pm

As we are all aware of our individual low quality and high quality work, it is crucial to give your best work within this course. Since we are aware of our own ability to give good content, we must ensure it to take place. With this class we have more leeway that way it is important to form your best way of producing quality work.

lindsaydowd

Posts: 88

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 8:21 pm

Re: Assembling Text

Mon Dec 14, 2020 2:24 pm

As I continue to gain more and more knowledge form this course, the ideas within the emails that I read become more abstract and real. It is important to look at your very first post to reflect on your individual growth from this semester. I have definitely become more comfortable with this learning style and have greater take aways from this course than I thought I would.

lindsaydowd

Posts: 88

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 8:21 pm

Re: Assembling Text

Mon Dec 14, 2020 2:26 pm

Be sure to share you thoughts and ideas with the fishbowl that way others can have some takeaways while also being able to write about your own learnings. When you share your thoughts the opportunity for another person comes to disagree, agree, or feel indifferent about it. This is how opinions form and furthermore potential relationships and friendships can take place.

lindsaydowd

Posts: 88

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 8:21 pm

Re: Assembling Text

Mon Dec 14, 2020 2:28 pm

When you write your thoughts and write your potential actions, it ensure the reality of it. It is crucial to write them out in this course because it gives you the opportunity to reflect on the letters given and the passion incorporated in them.

lindsaydowd

Posts: 88

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 8:21 pm

Re: Assembling Text

Mon Dec 14, 2020 2:29 pm

At the end of the semester, this form or style of learning has led me to be more hardworking, motivated, perceptive, creative, and thoughtful. Thank you for this opportunity because it has pushed me out of my comfort zone and opened my horizons up to a new way of learning.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/14/2020 20:24:00
Subject: looking at you
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you will continue to err on the side of caution during the holidays.

Your process in the fishbowl supports a creative process steeped in exploration and results in tangible outcomes while promoting self-knowledge, self-expression, and an understanding of your relation to the world. During the pandemic you fostered and formed relationships that were expansive and multivalent.

Your postings return to the idea that an individual’s relationship to a text is itself a dialogue, in which both you and the text participate, listen to one another, and evolve together. Please see Lindsay Dowd’s reflections below. All semester you described the elements of narrative and visual linguistics that formed and transformed you in becoming uniquely inventive thinkers and makers. 

In the end, while committed to sharing your special skills, expertise, and writing strategies, you were largely about cultivating the opportunity and freedom to enter the unknown.

Sanjiv

MULTIVALENT, EXPANSIVE

from the fishbowl...

lindsaydowd

Posts: 88

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 8:21 pm

Re: Assembling Text

Mon Dec 14, 2020 1:53 pm

Technology plays a huge role in our lives. School and our education is mostly online and we constantly have our phones on hand. It is quite difficult for people to put it down. We have this constant expectation to respond to people and it is affecting our ability to be in the moment.

lindsaydowd

Posts: 88

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 8:21 pm

Re: Assembling Text

 Mon Dec 14, 2020 2:07 pm

Having structure gives us boundaries. It gives us some sort of path for our future. Whether this future is the upcoming day or a weeks, months, or even days to come. As we continue on our structure changes but structure will always be present in our lives in some shape or form.

lindsaydowd

Posts: 88

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 8:21 pm

Re: Assembling Text

Mon Dec 14, 2020 2:09 pm

Through reflection, I believed in myself and who I wished to be. I have always had strong values of my own and been a very sensitive loving person and I wouldn't change that for the world. Thinking back, I wouldn't necessarily project who I am today but I am nothing but proud of who I have become and look forward to what's to come in my future.

lindsaydowd

Posts: 88

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 8:21 pm

Re: Assembling Text

Mon Dec 14, 2020 2:10 pm

The more you give, the more you will get in return. The fishbowl will give you more when you give to it. That's how it works.

lindsaydowd

Posts: 88

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 8:21 pm

Re: Assembling Text

 Mon Dec 14, 2020 2:11 pm

Compare and contract thoughts and actions. As you understand the similarities but more importantly, the difference you will continue to form as an individual. Action is to communicate, thoughts are the ways of thinking.

lindsaydowd

Posts: 88

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 8:21 pm

Re: Assembling Text

Mon Dec 14, 2020 2:12 pm

Personally, as I receive emails I read them over but I come back to them when I reflect in the fishbowl. It works better for me that way I have more time to understand and reflect on each letter.

lindsaydowd

Posts: 88

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 8:21 pm

Re: Assembling Text

Mon Dec 14, 2020 2:17 pm

Meaningful posts are key in this course. You need to make sure you are including quality incite, that way your team and other classmates can take something away from your posts. It is important to share your individual work and reflection that way there is a variety or perspective to see.

lindsaydowd

Posts: 88

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 8:21 pm

Re: Assembling Text

Mon Dec 14, 2020 2:19 pm

As we are all aware of our individual low quality and high quality work, it is crucial to give your best work within this course. Since we are aware of our own ability to give good content, we must ensure it to take place. With this class we have more leeway that way it is important to form your best way of producing quality work.

lindsaydowd

Posts: 88

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 8:21 pm

Re: Assembling Text

Mon Dec 14, 2020 2:24 pm

As I continue to gain more and more knowledge form this course, the ideas within the emails that I read become more abstract and real. It is important to look at your very first post to reflect on your individual growth from this semester. I have definitely become more comfortable with this learning style and have greater take aways from this course than I thought I would.

lindsaydowd

Posts: 88

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 8:21 pm

Re: Assembling Text

Mon Dec 14, 2020 2:26 pm

Be sure to share you thoughts and ideas with the fishbowl that way others can have some takeaways while also being able to write about your own learnings. When you share your thoughts the opportunity for another person comes to disagree, agree, or feel indifferent about it. This is how opinions form and furthermore potential relationships and friendships can take place.

lindsaydowd

Posts: 88

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 8:21 pm

Re: Assembling Text

Mon Dec 14, 2020 2:28 pm

When you write your thoughts and write your potential actions, it ensure the reality of it. It is crucial to write them out in this course because it gives you the opportunity to reflect on the letters given and the passion incorporated in them.

lindsaydowd

Posts: 88

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 8:21 pm

Re: Assembling Text

Mon Dec 14, 2020 2:29 pm

At the end of the semester, this form or style of learning has led me to be more hardworking, motivated, perceptive, creative, and thoughtful. Thank you for this opportunity because it has pushed me out of my comfort zone and opened my horizons up to a new way of learning.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/14/2020 12:28:26
Subject: The Little Prince as metaphor
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Why The Little Prince is a metaphor?

The little prince represents the open-mindedness of children. He is a wanderer in a fishbowl who restlessly asks questions and is willing to engage the invisible, secret mysteries of the universe. Your fishbowls suggest that such inquisitiveness is the key to understanding and to happiness. 

Though the little prince can't fathom what it is he actually does, he learns that judging yourself is far more difficult, and at times far more important, than judging others. It is only through judging ourselves that we can grow as individuals. This lesson is apparent in your reflections in the fishbowl. Please see Abigail Brown’s posting below.

The metaphor, the image, and the symbol indicates just how small and meek the little prince actually is, though he is often loud and querulous and questioning. Towards the end of the prince’s time in the fishbowl, I realize he was even more fragile than I had thought.

Learning is fragile.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

abigailbrown

Posts: 64

Joined: Tue Sep 01, 2020 2:47 pm

Re: Interactive Assignments

Sun Dec 13, 2020 9:13 pm

Reflective Practice

"Reflective practice is, in its simplest form, thinking about or reflecting on what you do. It is closely linked to the concept of learning from experience, in that you think about what you did, and what happened, and decide from that what you would do differently next time."

In the fishbowl I read the letters, interpret the readings, analyze, and put my thoughts and knowledge in the post. Then, I read my classmates posts, and see how they thought. Sometimes, it creates me to analyze even more and compare it to what I said. This allows me to see multiple views, find new ways to interpret, and learn.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/14/2020 12:27:41
Subject: The Little Prince as metaphor
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Why The Little Prince is a metaphor?

The little prince represents the open-mindedness of children. He is a wanderer in a fishbowl who restlessly asks questions and is willing to engage the invisible, secret mysteries of the universe. Your fishbowls suggest that such inquisitiveness is the key to understanding and to happiness. 

Though the little prince can't fathom what it is he actually does, he learns that judging yourself is far more difficult, and at times far more important, than judging others. It is only through judging ourselves that we can grow as individuals. This lesson is apparent in your reflections in the fishbowl. Please see Abigail Brown’s posting below.

The metaphor, the image, and the symbol indicates just how small and meek the little prince actually is, though he is often loud and querulous and questioning. Towards the end of the prince’s time in the fishbowl, I realize he was even more fragile than I had thought.

Learning is fragile.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

abigailbrown

Posts: 64

Joined: Tue Sep 01, 2020 2:47 pm

Re: Interactive Assignments

 Sun Dec 13, 2020 9:13 pm

Reflective Practice

"Reflective practice is, in its simplest form, thinking about or reflecting on what you do. It is closely linked to the concept of learning from experience, in that you think about what you did, and what happened, and decide from that what you would do differently next time."

In the fishbowl I read the letters, interpret the readings, analyze, and put my thoughts and knowledge in the post. Then, I read my classmates posts, and see how they thought. Sometimes, it creates me to analyze even more and compare it to what I said. This allows me to see multiple views, find new ways to interpret, and learn.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/14/2020 0:57:27
Subject: reflective practice
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

If you shared an image, a picture in a frame, to people from different cultures, they would each create a composition of symbols (way of seeing) that would be representative of their cultures. 

In this sense, every image embodies what John Berger calls "a way of seeing": a record of how its creator saw the world. Images can preserve things as they once were, and simultaneously, preserve how their creator once saw their subject.

We each see the same thing differently. We interpret and express ourselves in different ways. Even our silence speaks. We are, each and every one, singular.

The concept of “multiplicity” is a Deleuzian concept and is central to the fishbowl.

You have been following a "reflective practice" and thereby created a "reality of multiplicity" in the fishbowl?

Please relate your fishbowl skills to the skills of reflective practice described in the following:

 

https://www.skillsyouneed.com/ps/reflective-practice.html

Please see Kelsie Poplawski’s posting below.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

kelsiepoplawski

Posts: 213

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 11:45 am

Re: Deconstructing

Sat Dec 12, 2020 5:50 pm

Email: Unity to diverse thoughts 11/27

How does one bring unity to diverse thoughts which we witness as ‘fragments' in the fishbowl?

In the fishbowl we learn from gaining bits and pieces from our letters. We create meaning from new concepts and store then as new learned information and connect them to prior knowledge. It is the building blocks of learning. We are expanding our mindset by witnessing new thoughts and connecting them to past experiences creating a fishbowl of learned and known information to their individual. How does one do it? By observation, perception and analysis. We are developing our take on the concept and how we interpret its meaning. Reading others ideas is the process of seeing the other side to a thought process from another view.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/14/2020 0:56:16
Subject: reflective practice
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

If you shared an image, a picture in a frame, to people from different cultures, they would each create a composition of symbols (way of seeing) that would be representative of their cultures. 

In this sense, every image embodies what John Berger calls "a way of seeing": a record of how its creator saw the world. Images can preserve things as they once were, and simultaneously, preserve how their creator once saw their subject.

We each see the same thing differently. We interpret and express ourselves in different ways. Even our silence speaks. We are, each and every one, singular.

The concept of “multiplicity” is a Deleuzian concept and is central to the fishbowl.

You have been following a "reflective practice" and thereby created a "reality of multiplicity" in the fishbowl?

Please relate your fishbowl skills to the skills of reflective practice described in the following:

 

https://www.skillsyouneed.com/ps/reflective-practice.html

Please see Kelsie Poplawski’s posting below.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

kelsiepoplawski

Posts: 213

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 11:45 am

Re: Deconstructing

Sat Dec 12, 2020 5:50 pm

Email: Unity to diverse thoughts 11/27

How does one bring unity to diverse thoughts which we witness as ‘fragments' in the fishbowl?

In the fishbowl we learn from gaining bits and pieces from our letters. We create meaning from new concepts and store then as new learned information and connect them to prior knowledge. It is the building blocks of learning. We are expanding our mindset by witnessing new thoughts and connecting them to past experiences creating a fishbowl of learned and known information to their individual. How does one do it? By observation, perception and analysis. We are developing our take on the concept and how we interpret its meaning. Reading others ideas is the process of seeing the other side to a thought process from another view.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/12/2020 19:27:59
Subject: of symbols
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Flesh and Spirit is the true nature of any symbol. It is both material and spiritual; concrete reality conveying an unseen truth. The lion symbolizes strength, the snake is cunning and the dove is peace. I hope you can see how the word, the image, the symbol and the metaphor all sort of overlap in meaning.

Symbols are a constant requirement of human nature, which is made up of both a soul and a body. They allow us to pass from the one to the other by means of an image or a text.

The final assignment, which is optional, requires you to identify six symbols from the fishbowl. You are to select 6 ‘words' that represent your experience and, place them on the table for scrutiny.

Please see Nick Colicci’s postings below. In each posting you have two paragraphs. He takes a symbol, a word, re-searches it and then reflects on his own experience next to it. Some time back, I dubbed him The Little Prince by Antoine de Saint-Exupery (please google). 

"I believe what we do is merge ideas, information, and experiences to move our world forward. We have seen our country hit a roadblock of progress; no one seems to understand or empathize with one another. By sharing ideas and information, we are working to restore the civility and progress of our community. This is our attempt to fight off the "evil" we encounter.” (Colicci, N., Fishbowl, 2020)

You will not recall the face, and surely forget the name, but it is his voice that will live forever.

Sanjiv

DUB

from the fishbowl...

nickcolicci

Posts: 769

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Constructing your swan song- Google

Wed Dec 09, 2020 11:56 am

Phantasmal Media: An Approach to Imagination, Computation and Expression by D. Fox Harrell- "D. Fox Harrell considers the expressive power of computational media. He argues, forcefully and persuasively, that the great expressive potential of computational media comes from the ability to construct and reveal phantasms—blends of cultural ideas and sensory imagination. These ubiquitous and often-unseen phantasms—cognitive phenomena that include sense of self, metaphors, social categories, narrative, and poetic thinking—influence almost all our everyday experiences. Harrell offers an approach for understanding and designing computational systems that have the power to evoke these phantasms, paying special attention to the exposure of oppressive phantasms and the creation of empowering ones. He argues for the importance of cultural content, diverse worldviews, and social values in computing. The expressive power of phantasms is not purely aesthetic, he contends; phantasmal media can express and construct the types of meaning central to the human condition."

After reading this excerpt I pulled from a Google search, I pulled out the following line "the great expressive potential of computational media comes from the ability to construct and reveal phantasms—blends of cultural ideas and sensory imagination." This stood out to me because it seems our fishbowl is a form of Phantasmal media. By applying our felt experiences to course content, and ultimately blending our perspectives with that of our peers, we are learning how to approach future situations with more of an open mind. In addition, we are creating value for the community and helping our world overcome the constant tension we seem to live in. I would argue that it is time for people across the world to become more invested and concerned with the well-being of others and by engaging ourselves in this form of media, we are taking the necessary step to reach this goal.

nickcolicci

Posts: 769

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

context, dichotomy, selection, juxtaposition, making - Google

Sat Dec 12, 2020 10:17 am

Goddess Kali- Ali's earliest appearance is that of a destroyer of evil forces. She is the most powerful form of Shakti, and the goddess of one of the four subcategories of the Kulamārga, a category of Tantric Saivism. She destroys the evil in order to protect the innocent. Over time, Kali has been worshipped by devotional movements and tantric sects variously as the Divine Mother, Mother of the Universe, Adi Shakti, or Adi Parashakti. Shakta Hindu and Tantric sects additionally worship her as the ultimate reality or Brahman. She is also seen as the divine protector and the one who bestows moksha, or liberation.[1] Kali is often portrayed standing or dancing on her consort, the Hindu god Shiva, who lies calm and prostrate beneath her. Kali is worshipped by Hindus throughout India and Nepal.

In reading this quote that I pulled from Wikipedia, I was drawn to the line "he destroys the evil in order to protect the innocent,". I believe our work in the fishbowl serves a similar purpose, though it may not be fighting off "evil" in the severe sense of the word. I believe what we do is merge ideas, information, and experiences to move our world forward. We have seen our country hit a roadblock of progress; no one seems to understand or empathize with one another. By sharing ideas and information, we are working to restore the civility and progress of our community. This is our attempt to fight off the "evil" we encounter.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/12/2020 19:18:41
Subject: of symbols
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Flesh and Spirit is the true nature of any symbol. It is both material and spiritual; concrete reality conveying an unseen truth. The lion symbolizes strength, the snake is cunning and the dove is peace. I hope you can see how the word, the image, the symbol and the metaphor all sort of overlap in meaning.

Symbols are a constant requirement of human nature, which is made up of both a soul and a body. They allow us to pass from the one to the other by means of an image or a text.

The final assignment, which is optional, requires you to identify six symbols from the fishbowl. You are to select 6 ‘words' that represent your experience and, place them on the table for scrutiny.

Please see Nick Colicci’s postings below. In each posting you have two paragraphs. He takes a symbol, a word, re-searches it and then reflects on his own experience next to it. Some time back, I dubbed him The Little Prince by Antoine de Saint-Exupery (please google). 

"I believe what we do is merge ideas, information, and experiences to move our world forward. We have seen our country hit a roadblock of progress; no one seems to understand or empathize with one another. By sharing ideas and information, we are working to restore the civility and progress of our community. This is our attempt to fight off the "evil" we encounter.” (Colicci, N., Fishbowl, 2020)

You will not recall the face, and surely forget the name, but it is his voice that will live forever.

Sanjiv

DUB

from the fishbowl...

nickcolicci

Posts: 769

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Constructing your swan song- Google

Wed Dec 09, 2020 11:56 am

Phantasmal Media: An Approach to Imagination, Computation and Expression by D. Fox Harrell- "D. Fox Harrell considers the expressive power of computational media. He argues, forcefully and persuasively, that the great expressive potential of computational media comes from the ability to construct and reveal phantasms—blends of cultural ideas and sensory imagination. These ubiquitous and often-unseen phantasms—cognitive phenomena that include sense of self, metaphors, social categories, narrative, and poetic thinking—influence almost all our everyday experiences. Harrell offers an approach for understanding and designing computational systems that have the power to evoke these phantasms, paying special attention to the exposure of oppressive phantasms and the creation of empowering ones. He argues for the importance of cultural content, diverse worldviews, and social values in computing. The expressive power of phantasms is not purely aesthetic, he contends; phantasmal media can express and construct the types of meaning central to the human condition."

After reading this excerpt I pulled from a Google search, I pulled out the following line "the great expressive potential of computational media comes from the ability to construct and reveal phantasms—blends of cultural ideas and sensory imagination." This stood out to me because it seems our fishbowl is a form of Phantasmal media. By applying our felt experiences to course content, and ultimately blending our perspectives with that of our peers, we are learning how to approach future situations with more of an open mind. In addition, we are creating value for the community and helping our world overcome the constant tension we seem to live in. I would argue that it is time for people across the world to become more invested and concerned with the well-being of others and by engaging ourselves in this form of media, we are taking the necessary step to reach this goal.

nickcolicci

Posts: 769

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

context, dichotomy, selection, juxtaposition, making - Google

Sat Dec 12, 2020 10:17 am

Goddess Kali- Ali's earliest appearance is that of a destroyer of evil forces. She is the most powerful form of Shakti, and the goddess of one of the four subcategories of the Kulamārga, a category of Tantric Saivism. She destroys the evil in order to protect the innocent. Over time, Kali has been worshipped by devotional movements and tantric sects variously as the Divine Mother, Mother of the Universe, Adi Shakti, or Adi Parashakti. Shakta Hindu and Tantric sects additionally worship her as the ultimate reality or Brahman. She is also seen as the divine protector and the one who bestows moksha, or liberation.[1] Kali is often portrayed standing or dancing on her consort, the Hindu god Shiva, who lies calm and prostrate beneath her. Kali is worshipped by Hindus throughout India and Nepal.

In reading this quote that I pulled from Wikipedia, I was drawn to the line "he destroys the evil in order to protect the innocent,". I believe our work in the fishbowl serves a similar purpose, though it may not be fighting off "evil" in the severe sense of the word. I believe what we do is merge ideas, information, and experiences to move our world forward. We have seen our country hit a roadblock of progress; no one seems to understand or empathize with one another. By sharing ideas and information, we are working to restore the civility and progress of our community. This is our attempt to fight off the "evil" we encounter.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/12/2020 12:55:32
Subject: patterns of attention
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you today? I hope you are keeping well.

I think the message we learn from our time together in the fishbowl is the simple truth that we create each other, bring each other into being by being part of the matrix in which the other exists. 

What is the center of this truth? What did we do or not do? 

How do we turn knowledge, understanding and experience of this truth into money? 

This is after all a business course and not a feel-good session; we have that on demand.

I find myself often exploring the 'nature of attention' that makes such relationships like ours, or any other, possible. 

I think the best hope for making money lies in learning 'new patterns of attention' to each other and to the biosphere, patterns that grow out of curiosity and respect and allow for wonder and learning. 

How so? How do I learn new patterns of attention? How do I determine the nature of my attention currently towards you? It seems to me, that in trying to address such questions, one has to move back and forth between very abstract and very specific levels of focus, and indeed between types of expression varying from poetry to formal analysis. 

Using examples from our felt-experiences is a way of moving from the general to the specific, and also a way of bridging metaphors...a motion through concentric metaphors. We collect stories and weave them together, and a few underlying themes keep surfacing, while any given story suggests new applications. The lesson of whatever I have learned over time is that looking carefully at anything, informs looking at everything. Our task is to learn again to see things whole by respecting and treasuring their “minute particulars.”

In this way we listen with genuine interest to new ideas and questions. Caring attention is surely the basis for our own continuing curiosity and desire to learn. Please see Alyssa Botelho’s reflection below.

Sanjiv

ATTENTION, PATTERN, THEME, MATRIX

from the fishbowl...

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 196

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Technologies of Lived Abstraction

Tue Dec 01, 2020 11:51 am

"Staying with the notion of fragments, we return to them to pick up pieces.

We return to the origin as we continue to be original.

Sharing your notes and note-making is the way of intimacy. "

FRAGMENTS: a small part broken or separated off something.

ORIGIN: the point or place where something begins, arises, or is derived.

ORIGINAL: not dependent on other people's ideas; inventive and unusual.

NOTES: a short informal letter or written message.

INTIMACY: close familiarity or friendship; closeness.

When we go back to broken parts, we try to put them back together. We go back to the place where something begins as we continue to be inventive. Sharing our letters and creating more letters is the way of closeness.

To continue to be "original", we've got to see where our ideas and notes and fragments began. What prompted us to be on the path we're on now? The fragments we share through letters are pieces in a puzzle. They clue us as actors and others as spectators into the intimate details of our origins.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/12/2020 12:54:41
Subject: patterns of attention
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you today? I hope you are keeping well.

I think the message we learn from our time together in the fishbowl is the simple truth that we create each other, bring each other into being by being part of the matrix in which the other exists. 

What is the center of this truth? What did we do or not do? 

How do we turn knowledge, understanding and experience of this truth into money? 

This is after all a business course and not a feel-good session; we have that on demand.

I find myself often exploring the 'nature of attention' that makes such relationships like ours, or any other, possible. 

I think the best hope for making money lies in learning 'new patterns of attention' to each other and to the biosphere, patterns that grow out of curiosity and respect and allow for wonder and learning. 

How so? How do I learn new patterns of attention? How do I determine the nature of my attention currently towards you? It seems to me, that in trying to address such questions, one has to move back and forth between very abstract and very specific levels of focus, and indeed between types of expression varying from poetry to formal analysis. 

Using examples from our felt-experiences is a way of moving from the general to the specific, and also a way of bridging metaphors...a motion through concentric metaphors. We collect stories and weave them together, and a few underlying themes keep surfacing, while any given story suggests new applications. The lesson of whatever I have learned over time is that looking carefully at anything, informs looking at everything. Our task is to learn again to see things whole by respecting and treasuring their “minute particulars.”

In this way we listen with genuine interest to new ideas and questions. Caring attention is surely the basis for our own continuing curiosity and desire to learn. Please see Alyssa Botelho’s reflection below.

Sanjiv

ATTENTION, PATTERN, THEME, MATRIX

from the fishbowl...

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 196

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Technologies of Lived Abstraction

Tue Dec 01, 2020 11:51 am

"Staying with the notion of fragments, we return to them to pick up pieces.

We return to the origin as we continue to be original.

Sharing your notes and note-making is the way of intimacy. "

FRAGMENTS: a small part broken or separated off something.

ORIGIN: the point or place where something begins, arises, or is derived.

ORIGINAL: not dependent on other people's ideas; inventive and unusual.

NOTES: a short informal letter or written message.

INTIMACY: close familiarity or friendship; closeness.

When we go back to broken parts, we try to put them back together. We go back to the place where something begins as we continue to be inventive. Sharing our letters and creating more letters is the way of closeness.

To continue to be "original", we've got to see where our ideas and notes and fragments began. What prompted us to be on the path we're on now? The fragments we share through letters are pieces in a puzzle. They clue us as actors and others as spectators into the intimate details of our origins.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/11/2020 22:45:56
Subject: societal impact through thought leadership
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well. 

I was thinking that in a time of stress, I don’t wish to be guilty of piling it on. 

Interaction in the digital environment, every text and image that is exchanged or evoked and brought to mind, will affect us physically and psychologically.

The final assignment is up to you entirely. 

Your grade for the course depends upon both quantity and quality of your postings thus far.

The grading is seldom if ever been an issue because our work is visible. Transparent and authentic.

Ironically, it is the community that determines our grades and the standards that we adhere to. The ideals that we protect.

Fairness is a very American ideal.

If you chose to be in The Audience the entire time, you get a B.

The presumption is that you are reading the text and following it.

B+ is when you made an attempt, vocabulary and google searches, but were more comfortable in the role of The Viewer.

The As and the A minus are The Actors, and I will distinguish them after the 19th.

From today until the 19th, the fishbowl is open for reflection. I will continue to write until then, and continue to talk about the assignment. 

It will sum up the semester for both courses. 

When I scroll your postings I find the focus to be on societal impact through thought leadership. Please see Samantha Plourde’s reflections below.

Sanjiv

IMPACT

from the fishbowl...

samanthaplourde

Posts: 40

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 4:03 pm

Thu Oct 01, 2020 3:25 pm

Soft power- the ability to attract and co-opt rather than coerce. Shaping the preferences of others through appeal and attraction. Joseph Nye was the person to popularize the term in his book Bound To Lead: The Changing Nature of American Power.

Panopticon- type of institutional building and a system of control designed by Jeremy Bentham in the 18th century. The design is supposed to allow all the prisoners of a prison to be observed by only one security guard. The inmates were not able to tell when they were being watched so it made them act as though they were being watched at all times.

David- Goliath story- a biblical story about a giant being defeated by David in single combat.The phrase though “David and Goliath” has become a metaphor for an underdog situation. An underdog situation is when a smaller opponent faces someone with more chances of winning but the smaller opponent wins.

samanthaplourde

Posts: 40

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 4:03 pm

Thu Oct 01, 2020 4:45 pm

Abstract art- “Uses visual language of shape, form, color and line to create a composition which may exist with a degree of independence from visual references from the world”

Other- the constitutive other identify the other human being, in his and her differences, from self, as being a cumulative, constituting factor in the self- imagine of a person; as acknowledgement of being real; hence, the other is dissimilar to and the opposite of the Self, of Us, and of the Same.

samanthaplourde

Posts: 40

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 4:03 pm

Thu Oct 01, 2020 5:24 pm

Deep thinking- the article I looked at was called “Deep thinking in the Age of Distraction.” Deep thinking is a way to increase our number of valuable thoughts, because we are constantly plugged in to our electronics there is a barrier between us and our deep thoughts. I think deep thinking does not have to be meditating as some people think but it can be unjust unplugging and taking deep breaths and connecting to your thoughts.

samanthaplourde

Posts: 40

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 4:03 pm

 Tue Nov 10, 2020 9:13 pm

Immersion Technology- refers to technology that attempts to emulate a physical world through the means of a digital or simulated world by creating the sensory feeling, thereby creating a sense of immersion.

Logistics- The detailed organization and implementation of a complex operation. Logistics is the management of the flow of things between the point of origin and the point of consumption to meet requirements.

samanthaplourde

Posts: 40

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 4:03 pm

Mon Nov 16, 2020 2:36 pm

Social Constructivism- a sociological theory of knowledge according to which human development is socially situated and knowledge is constructed through interaction with others

samanthaplourde

Posts: 40

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 4:03 pm

Mon Nov 16, 2020 9:01 pm

Johnathon Livingston Seagull- A book written by Richard Bach and illustrated by Russell Munson. A fictional story about a seagull who is trying to learn about life and flight. It was written as a series of short stories published in Flying Magazine in the late 1960s.

samanthaplourde

Posts: 40

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 4:03 pm

Thu Dec 03, 2020 6:13 pm

Big data- a field that treats ways to analyze, systematically extract information from, or otherwise deal with data sets that are too large or complex to be dealt with by traditional data processing application software.

Reflexive thinking- Refers to circular relationships between cause and effect, especially as embedded in human belief structures. A reflexive relationship is bidirectional with both cause and effect affecting one another in a relationship in which neither can be assigned as causes or effects.

samanthaplourde

Posts: 40

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 4:03 pm

Thu Dec 03, 2020 6:33 pm

Bergsonism- The theories of the philosopher Bergson according to whom the world is a process of creative evolution in which the novelty of successive phenomena rather than the constancy of natural law is a significant fact, reality being regarded as time or duration that is the same as free motion and that is the expression of a vital impetus or creative force.

samanthaplourde

Posts: 40

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 4:03 pm

Thu Dec 10, 2020 8:02 pm

Linda Smircich- professor of management in the isenberg school of management. She teaches organizational alternative paradigms.

Experiential learning- the process of learning through experience, and is more specifically defined as “learning through reflection on doing”. Hands on learning is not the same as experiential learning because during hands on learning you are not always reflecting.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/11/2020 22:44:49
Subject: societal impact through thought leadership
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well. 

I was thinking that in a time of stress, I don’t wish to be guilty of piling it on. 

Interaction in the digital environment, every text and image that is exchanged or evoked and brought to mind, will affect us physically and psychologically.

The final assignment is up to you entirely. 

Your grade for the course depends upon both quantity and quality of your postings thus far.

The grading is seldom if ever been an issue because our work is visible. Transparent and authentic.

Ironically, it is the community that determines our grades and the standards that we adhere to. The ideals that we protect.

Fairness is a very American ideal.

If you chose to be in The Audience the entire time, you get a B.

The presumption is that you are reading the text and following it.

B+ is when you made an attempt, vocabulary and google searches, but were more comfortable in the role of The Viewer.

The As and the A minus are The Actors, and I will distinguish them after the 19th.

From today until the 19th, the fishbowl is open for reflection. I will continue to write until then, and continue to talk about the assignment. 

It will sum up the semester for both courses. 

When I scroll your postings I find the focus to be on societal impact through thought leadership. Please see Samantha Plourde’s reflections below.

Sanjiv

IMPACT

from the fishbowl...

samanthaplourde

Posts: 40

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 4:03 pm

Thu Oct 01, 2020 3:25 pm

Soft power- the ability to attract and co-opt rather than coerce. Shaping the preferences of others through appeal and attraction. Joseph Nye was the person to popularize the term in his book Bound To Lead: The Changing Nature of American Power.

Panopticon- type of institutional building and a system of control designed by Jeremy Bentham in the 18th century. The design is supposed to allow all the prisoners of a prison to be observed by only one security guard. The inmates were not able to tell when they were being watched so it made them act as though they were being watched at all times.

David- Goliath story- a biblical story about a giant being defeated by David in single combat.The phrase though “David and Goliath” has become a metaphor for an underdog situation. An underdog situation is when a smaller opponent faces someone with more chances of winning but the smaller opponent wins.

samanthaplourde

Posts: 40

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 4:03 pm

Thu Oct 01, 2020 4:45 pm

Abstract art- “Uses visual language of shape, form, color and line to create a composition which may exist with a degree of independence from visual references from the world”

Other- the constitutive other identify the other human being, in his and her differences, from self, as being a cumulative, constituting factor in the self- imagine of a person; as acknowledgement of being real; hence, the other is dissimilar to and the opposite of the Self, of Us, and of the Same.

samanthaplourde

Posts: 40

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 4:03 pm

Thu Oct 01, 2020 5:24 pm

Deep thinking- the article I looked at was called “Deep thinking in the Age of Distraction.” Deep thinking is a way to increase our number of valuable thoughts, because we are constantly plugged in to our electronics there is a barrier between us and our deep thoughts. I think deep thinking does not have to be meditating as some people think but it can be unjust unplugging and taking deep breaths and connecting to your thoughts.

samanthaplourde

Posts: 40

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 4:03 pm

 Tue Nov 10, 2020 9:13 pm

Immersion Technology- refers to technology that attempts to emulate a physical world through the means of a digital or simulated world by creating the sensory feeling, thereby creating a sense of immersion.

Logistics- The detailed organization and implementation of a complex operation. Logistics is the management of the flow of things between the point of origin and the point of consumption to meet requirements.

samanthaplourde

Posts: 40

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 4:03 pm

Mon Nov 16, 2020 2:36 pm

Social Constructivism- a sociological theory of knowledge according to which human development is socially situated and knowledge is constructed through interaction with others

samanthaplourde

Posts: 40

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 4:03 pm

Mon Nov 16, 2020 9:01 pm

Johnathon Livingston Seagull- A book written by Richard Bach and illustrated by Russell Munson. A fictional story about a seagull who is trying to learn about life and flight. It was written as a series of short stories published in Flying Magazine in the late 1960s.

samanthaplourde

Posts: 40

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 4:03 pm

Thu Dec 03, 2020 6:13 pm

Big data- a field that treats ways to analyze, systematically extract information from, or otherwise deal with data sets that are too large or complex to be dealt with by traditional data processing application software.

Reflexive thinking- Refers to circular relationships between cause and effect, especially as embedded in human belief structures. A reflexive relationship is bidirectional with both cause and effect affecting one another in a relationship in which neither can be assigned as causes or effects.

samanthaplourde

Posts: 40

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 4:03 pm

Thu Dec 03, 2020 6:33 pm

Bergsonism- The theories of the philosopher Bergson according to whom the world is a process of creative evolution in which the novelty of successive phenomena rather than the constancy of natural law is a significant fact, reality being regarded as time or duration that is the same as free motion and that is the expression of a vital impetus or creative force.

samanthaplourde

Posts: 40

Joined: Thu Sep 03, 2020 4:03 pm

Thu Dec 10, 2020 8:02 pm

Linda Smircich- professor of management in the isenberg school of management. She teaches organizational alternative paradigms.

Experiential learning- the process of learning through experience, and is more specifically defined as “learning through reflection on doing”. Hands on learning is not the same as experiential learning because during hands on learning you are not always reflecting.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/1/2020 21:41:35
Subject: self valorization
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

In certain sectors all over the world, we’re moving toward new forms of production that involve more ‘immaterial’ forms of labor, flexible and precarious networks, and commodities increasingly defined in terms of culture and media. If we view our situation in the fishbowl in these terms and also in our personal lives, we won’t be far from the truth. 

Please consider your fishbowl as a new form of production that is constituted by ‘immaterial' forms of labor. Please google Immaterial labor by M. Lazzarato.

Please see an example of new forms of production by Alyssa Botelho below.

1. You have been experimenting in new forms of thinking in a digital environment. Your purpose is to help your viewers conceive innovative practices for themselves, aka, entrepreneurship, yours and theirs. Your primary focus has been to present a contemporary mode of thinking and communicating it. You clearly succeed in being transparent and authentic. Every single posting of yours.

2. You are experimenting together in new democratic forms of social organization and action in horizontal, nonhierarchical networks. You value Autonomy and Resist control from any kind of Authority arising from within the fishbowl, except your own inner passion and drives. 

3. You raise the question of the moment: how do you 'give or ascribe value or validity' to what you post. You teach the viewer that the concept of self-valorization is the building block for constructing a new form of sociality, a new society. Please consider that thought from Marx.

Sanjiv

CONTEMPORARY, FORM, MODE, AUTONOMY, CONTROL, AUTHORITY, RESIST, DRIVE, LABOR, FLEXIBLE, PRECARIOUS, VALORIZE, ASCRIBE, VALID

from the fishbowl...

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 184

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Sat Nov 14, 2020 11:43 am

“Followers (i.e., the audience) and leaders (i.e., the actors) are bound together in the transformation process, which I think helps describe pretty well what is happening here. We should all strive to be a transformational leader in the fishbowl.” (Olivia Palumbo, Fishbowl, 20)

FOLLOWERS: a person who moves or travels behind someone or something.

AUDIENCE: the assembled spectators or listeners at a public event, such as a play, movie, concert, or meeting.

LEADERS: the person who leads or commands a group, organization, or country.

ACTORS: a participant in an action or process.

BOUND TOGETHER: share a particular experience or situation that causes them to have a relationship.

TRANSFORMATION: a thorough or dramatic change in form or appearance.

Those who travel behind and those who command the expedition (the spectators and participants) have a relationship through their sharing of the process of dramatic change.

Whether you choose to be a leader or you choose to be a follower, we are all in this together. By experiencing The Fishbowl together, we undergo a transformation, a change, an influencing of the mind and intellect. We are learning about each other in a way that only The Fishbowl can provide.

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 184

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Tue Nov 17, 2020 4:11 pm

"If you don’t read, then you are not listening to the text."

READ: look at and comprehend the meaning of (written or printed matter) by mentally interpreting the characters or symbols of which it is composed.

LISTEN: make an effort to hear something; be alert and ready to hear something.

TEXT: a book or other written or printed work, regarded in terms of its content rather than its physical form.

If you don't look and and comprehend the words, then you aren't making an effort to hear what the content of the written work has to say.

In a digital learning environment, we have even more responsibility to be active readers. We must go out of our way to dig deep into the words on our screens so that we may understand their meaning. If we don't, we will be lost and learn very little (if anything at all).

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 184

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Tue Nov 17, 2020 4:27 pm

"Without this critical, judging faculty the doer or maker would be so isolated from the spectator that he would not even be perceived."

CRITICAL: expressing or involving an analysis of the merits and faults of a work of literature, music, or art.

FACULTY: an aptitude or talent for doing something.

DOER: the person who does something.

ISOLATED: having minimal contact or little in common with others.

SPECTATOR: a person who watches at a show, game, or other event.

PERCEIVED: become aware or conscious of (something); come to realize or understand.

Without the capability to analyze, the performing part of the actor would be so removed from the watching part that the actor would not even be aware of what they're doing.

The ability to reflect and analyze our actions is what makes us aware of what we are doing. It is when our brain goes on "auto pilot" that we forgot what we have done. When I routinely shop at the grocery store, I am not conscious of everything I'm doing. On the other hand, if I were being watched by a marketing surveyor, I would become self-conscious of my actions. I would begin to reflect and analyze what I am doing, because I know that someone else is doing it too.

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 184

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Tue Nov 17, 2020 5:58 pm

"Acting by focusing on words became a search for self-knowledge and awareness."

ACTING: the art or occupation of performing in plays, movies, or television productions.

FOCUSING: pay particular attention to.

WORDS: something spoken or written; a remark or statement.

SEARCH: try to find something by looking or otherwise seeking carefully and thoroughly.

AWARENESS: knowledge or perception of a situation or fact.

Performing by paying close attention on something that's written became a quest to find information about the self and general knowledge.

In The Fishbowl, we have been concentrating on written text and reforming it with our own personal filters. We are remolding words to express and discover our feelings and knowledge. When we share this with others, we put on a performance. Through our writings, we act for the spectator as the spectator themself begins to reform our words with their personal filter. The cycle continues.

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 184

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Sat Nov 21, 2020 12:14 am

“Suddenly technology has given us powers with which we can manipulate not only external reality---the physical world--- but also, and much more portentously, ourselves. You can become whatever you want to be,” (Ed Regis)

TECHNOLOGY: the practical application of knowledge especially in a particular area

POWER: ability to act or produce an effect

MANIPULATE: to manage or utilize skillfully

PORTENTOUSLY: self-consciously solemn or important

The practical application of knowledge has given us new abilities to manage our worlds and even more importantly, ourselves. We can develop into anything we imagine.

I have always been a "dreamer". Growing up, my dad always said that I could achieve anything I set my mind to. I took that to heart and when I found my passion for filmmaking, I chased it unrelentingly. Even though it may seem impossible and impractical to want to become a successful filmmaker, I know that I am in charge of my own destiny. Technology has already brought me so many incredible opportunities that my ancestors have not had. Especially as a woman pursuing a career in a male-dominated field, I recognize and deeply appreciate these new technological resources that I have to leverage my goal of breaking the glass ceiling!

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 184

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Mon Nov 23, 2020 2:59 pm

"The world is a stage and we are merely players."

WORLD: all of the people, societies, and institutions on the earth.

STAGE: a raised floor or platform, typically in a theater, on which actors, entertainers, or speakers perform.

PLAYERS: an actor.

All of earth's societies form a raised platform for performing where we are the actors.

The quote above is from Shakespeare's play "As You Like It" where he writes about there being multiple stages of a person's life and in each of them, a person plays a different role. Every day, we are presented with a set of opportunities to perform and play the role of ourselves. As we grow older, our choices shift and grow and develop. We become different than the person, the performer, that we once were. Even as our current performances grow different than our past, there is still a thread that runs through them all, connecting them. It is this thread that identifies us as the performer, the person, that we are.

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 184

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Tue Nov 24, 2020 6:04 pm

"One thing is clear: old boundaries and categories, old frames and frameworks no longer apply. Nevertheless, it is the awareness and ability to identify and respect tradition that is at the heart of success in the 'business of ideas', and the whole shebang in 345 and 448."

BOUNDARIES: a limit of a subject or sphere of activity.

CATEGORIES: a class or division of people or things regarded as having particular shared characteristics.

FRAMEWORKS: a basic structure underlying a system, concept, or text.

IDENTIFY: recognize or distinguish (especially something considered worthy of attention).

RESPECT: due regard for the feelings, wishes, rights, or traditions of others.

TRADITION: the transmission of customs or beliefs from generation to generation, or the fact of being passed on in this way.

Old limits, divisions of things, and system structures aren't necessarily relevant anymore. Even so, it is important to know, to recognize, and to have regard for generational customs that have defined what success means in the business world for so long.

Even though the technology age that we are living in has transformed so much of the business world to the point where old customs don't make much sense anymore, it is important to still know the history. By knowing the history, we can take away certain values and beliefs that still apply today, like behaving ethically. We can also have a deeper appreciation for the resources that the technology age has brought us when we realize how much more difficult it was to conduct business in the past.

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 184

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Fri Nov 27, 2020 5:37 pm

"The one thing we cannot afford is inaction due to despair or indifference."

AFFORD: be able to do something without risk of adverse consequences.

INACTION: lack of action where some is expected or appropriate.

DESPAIR: the complete loss or absence of hope.

INDIFFERENCE: lack of interest, concern, or sympathy.

We cannot risk a lack of action because of the absence of hope or interest.

To achieve our goals, we must keep moving. We've got to keep going when we are downtrodden and tired -- ESPECIALLY when we are downtrodden and tired. It is in these times of despair, indifference, exhaustion, when we have the opportunity to redefine our limits. If we are never pushed beyond our perceived limitations, we will never grow. If we never grow, we will never achieve our goals.

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 184

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Sun Nov 29, 2020 2:40 pm

“Everything then depends on how the possibility opened up by the ‘event' is grasped, elaborated and embedded in the world."

GRAPSED: get mental hold of; comprehend fully.

ELABORATED: develop or present (a theory, policy, or system) in detail.

EMBEDDED: (of an object) fixed firmly and deeply in a surrounding mass; implanted.

Everything relies on how the impact of the thing that took place is comprehended, developed, and implanted into the world.

When Steve Jobs released the iPhone, a huge possibility was opened up in the world. Although the creation of the device itself was significant, it was how this creation was grasped, elaborated, and embedded into the world that was truly transformational. If the world chose not to comprehend the device, to develop it further, or to implant it into everyday life, it would have remained just that. A device. The technological revolution was sparked by Steve Jobs' contribution to the world, but it was the way the world reacted to his contribution that sustained the tech revolution's fire, forever changing the way we all work and live.

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 184

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Sun Nov 29, 2020 3:26 pm

"Any outcome of a creative process contains the energy of commitment to it."

CREATIVE: relating to or involving the imagination or original ideas, especially in the production of an artistic work.

PROCESS: a series of actions or steps taken in order to achieve a particular end.

ENERGY: a person's physical and mental powers, typically as applied to a particular task or activity.

COMMITMENT: the state or quality of being dedicated to a cause, activity, etc.

Any product of imaginative action is evidence of a person's physical and mental powers as well as their dedication to their work.

This is a good explanation for why artists are heavily identified by their work. An artist's creations are the result of an intensive process that requires all of their mind, body, and dedication. As "actors" here in the Fishbowl, we are going through a creative process that requires us to interpret and redefine words. Through our writings, our mental powers and dedication are revealed. Spectators can then identify who we are.

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 184

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Tue Dec 01, 2020 11:51 am

"Staying with the notion of fragments, we return to them to pick up pieces.

We return to the origin as we continue to be original.

Sharing your notes and note-making is the way of intimacy. "

FRAGMENTS: a small part broken or separated off something.

ORIGIN: the point or place where something begins, arises, or is derived.

ORIGINAL: not dependent on other people's ideas; inventive and unusual.

NOTES: a short informal letter or written message.

INTIMACY: close familiarity or friendship; closeness.

When we go back to broken parts, we try to put them back together. We go back to the place where something begins as we continue to be inventive. Sharing our letters and creating more letters is the way of closeness.

To continue to be "original", we've got to see where our ideas and notes and fragments began. What prompted us to be on the path we're on now? The fragments we share through letters are pieces in a puzzle. They clue us as actors and others as spectators into the intimate details of our origins.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/1/2020 21:40:51
Subject: self valorization
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

In certain sectors all over the world, we’re moving toward new forms of production that involve more ‘immaterial’ forms of labor, flexible and precarious networks, and commodities increasingly defined in terms of culture and media. If we view our situation in the fishbowl in these terms and also in our personal lives, we won’t be far from the truth. 

Please consider your fishbowl as a new form of production that is constituted by ‘immaterial' forms of labor. Please google Immaterial labor by M. Lazzarato.

Please see an example of new forms of production by Alyssa Botelho below.

1. You have been experimenting in new forms of thinking in a digital environment. Your purpose is to help your viewers conceive innovative practices for themselves, aka, entrepreneurship, yours and theirs. Your primary focus has been to present a contemporary mode of thinking and communicating it. You clearly succeed in being transparent and authentic. Every single posting of yours.

2. You are experimenting together in new democratic forms of social organization and action in horizontal, nonhierarchical networks. You value Autonomy and Resist control from any kind of Authority arising from within the fishbowl, except your own inner passion and drives. 

3. You raise the question of the moment: how do you 'give or ascribe value or validity' to what you post. You teach the viewer that the concept of self-valorization is the building block for constructing a new form of sociality, a new society. Please consider that thought from Marx.

Sanjiv

CONTEMPORARY, FORM, MODE, AUTONOMY, CONTROL, AUTHORITY, RESIST, DRIVE, LABOR, FLEXIBLE, PRECARIOUS, VALORIZE, ASCRIBE, VALID

from the fishbowl...

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 184

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Sat Nov 14, 2020 11:43 am

“Followers (i.e., the audience) and leaders (i.e., the actors) are bound together in the transformation process, which I think helps describe pretty well what is happening here. We should all strive to be a transformational leader in the fishbowl.” (Olivia Palumbo, Fishbowl, 20)

FOLLOWERS: a person who moves or travels behind someone or something.

AUDIENCE: the assembled spectators or listeners at a public event, such as a play, movie, concert, or meeting.

LEADERS: the person who leads or commands a group, organization, or country.

ACTORS: a participant in an action or process.

BOUND TOGETHER: share a particular experience or situation that causes them to have a relationship.

TRANSFORMATION: a thorough or dramatic change in form or appearance.

Those who travel behind and those who command the expedition (the spectators and participants) have a relationship through their sharing of the process of dramatic change.

Whether you choose to be a leader or you choose to be a follower, we are all in this together. By experiencing The Fishbowl together, we undergo a transformation, a change, an influencing of the mind and intellect. We are learning about each other in a way that only The Fishbowl can provide.

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 184

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Tue Nov 17, 2020 4:11 pm

"If you don’t read, then you are not listening to the text."

READ: look at and comprehend the meaning of (written or printed matter) by mentally interpreting the characters or symbols of which it is composed.

LISTEN: make an effort to hear something; be alert and ready to hear something.

TEXT: a book or other written or printed work, regarded in terms of its content rather than its physical form.

If you don't look and and comprehend the words, then you aren't making an effort to hear what the content of the written work has to say.

In a digital learning environment, we have even more responsibility to be active readers. We must go out of our way to dig deep into the words on our screens so that we may understand their meaning. If we don't, we will be lost and learn very little (if anything at all).

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 184

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Tue Nov 17, 2020 4:27 pm

"Without this critical, judging faculty the doer or maker would be so isolated from the spectator that he would not even be perceived."

CRITICAL: expressing or involving an analysis of the merits and faults of a work of literature, music, or art.

FACULTY: an aptitude or talent for doing something.

DOER: the person who does something.

ISOLATED: having minimal contact or little in common with others.

SPECTATOR: a person who watches at a show, game, or other event.

PERCEIVED: become aware or conscious of (something); come to realize or understand.

Without the capability to analyze, the performing part of the actor would be so removed from the watching part that the actor would not even be aware of what they're doing.

The ability to reflect and analyze our actions is what makes us aware of what we are doing. It is when our brain goes on "auto pilot" that we forgot what we have done. When I routinely shop at the grocery store, I am not conscious of everything I'm doing. On the other hand, if I were being watched by a marketing surveyor, I would become self-conscious of my actions. I would begin to reflect and analyze what I am doing, because I know that someone else is doing it too.

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 184

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Tue Nov 17, 2020 5:58 pm

"Acting by focusing on words became a search for self-knowledge and awareness."

ACTING: the art or occupation of performing in plays, movies, or television productions.

FOCUSING: pay particular attention to.

WORDS: something spoken or written; a remark or statement.

SEARCH: try to find something by looking or otherwise seeking carefully and thoroughly.

AWARENESS: knowledge or perception of a situation or fact.

Performing by paying close attention on something that's written became a quest to find information about the self and general knowledge.

In The Fishbowl, we have been concentrating on written text and reforming it with our own personal filters. We are remolding words to express and discover our feelings and knowledge. When we share this with others, we put on a performance. Through our writings, we act for the spectator as the spectator themself begins to reform our words with their personal filter. The cycle continues.

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 184

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Sat Nov 21, 2020 12:14 am

“Suddenly technology has given us powers with which we can manipulate not only external reality---the physical world--- but also, and much more portentously, ourselves. You can become whatever you want to be,” (Ed Regis)

TECHNOLOGY: the practical application of knowledge especially in a particular area

POWER: ability to act or produce an effect

MANIPULATE: to manage or utilize skillfully

PORTENTOUSLY: self-consciously solemn or important

The practical application of knowledge has given us new abilities to manage our worlds and even more importantly, ourselves. We can develop into anything we imagine.

I have always been a "dreamer". Growing up, my dad always said that I could achieve anything I set my mind to. I took that to heart and when I found my passion for filmmaking, I chased it unrelentingly. Even though it may seem impossible and impractical to want to become a successful filmmaker, I know that I am in charge of my own destiny. Technology has already brought me so many incredible opportunities that my ancestors have not had. Especially as a woman pursuing a career in a male-dominated field, I recognize and deeply appreciate these new technological resources that I have to leverage my goal of breaking the glass ceiling!

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 184

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Mon Nov 23, 2020 2:59 pm

"The world is a stage and we are merely players."

WORLD: all of the people, societies, and institutions on the earth.

STAGE: a raised floor or platform, typically in a theater, on which actors, entertainers, or speakers perform.

PLAYERS: an actor.

All of earth's societies form a raised platform for performing where we are the actors.

The quote above is from Shakespeare's play "As You Like It" where he writes about there being multiple stages of a person's life and in each of them, a person plays a different role. Every day, we are presented with a set of opportunities to perform and play the role of ourselves. As we grow older, our choices shift and grow and develop. We become different than the person, the performer, that we once were. Even as our current performances grow different than our past, there is still a thread that runs through them all, connecting them. It is this thread that identifies us as the performer, the person, that we are.

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 184

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Tue Nov 24, 2020 6:04 pm

"One thing is clear: old boundaries and categories, old frames and frameworks no longer apply. Nevertheless, it is the awareness and ability to identify and respect tradition that is at the heart of success in the 'business of ideas', and the whole shebang in 345 and 448."

BOUNDARIES: a limit of a subject or sphere of activity.

CATEGORIES: a class or division of people or things regarded as having particular shared characteristics.

FRAMEWORKS: a basic structure underlying a system, concept, or text.

IDENTIFY: recognize or distinguish (especially something considered worthy of attention).

RESPECT: due regard for the feelings, wishes, rights, or traditions of others.

TRADITION: the transmission of customs or beliefs from generation to generation, or the fact of being passed on in this way.

Old limits, divisions of things, and system structures aren't necessarily relevant anymore. Even so, it is important to know, to recognize, and to have regard for generational customs that have defined what success means in the business world for so long.

Even though the technology age that we are living in has transformed so much of the business world to the point where old customs don't make much sense anymore, it is important to still know the history. By knowing the history, we can take away certain values and beliefs that still apply today, like behaving ethically. We can also have a deeper appreciation for the resources that the technology age has brought us when we realize how much more difficult it was to conduct business in the past.

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 184

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Fri Nov 27, 2020 5:37 pm

"The one thing we cannot afford is inaction due to despair or indifference."

AFFORD: be able to do something without risk of adverse consequences.

INACTION: lack of action where some is expected or appropriate.

DESPAIR: the complete loss or absence of hope.

INDIFFERENCE: lack of interest, concern, or sympathy.

We cannot risk a lack of action because of the absence of hope or interest.

To achieve our goals, we must keep moving. We've got to keep going when we are downtrodden and tired -- ESPECIALLY when we are downtrodden and tired. It is in these times of despair, indifference, exhaustion, when we have the opportunity to redefine our limits. If we are never pushed beyond our perceived limitations, we will never grow. If we never grow, we will never achieve our goals.

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 184

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Sun Nov 29, 2020 2:40 pm

“Everything then depends on how the possibility opened up by the ‘event' is grasped, elaborated and embedded in the world."

GRAPSED: get mental hold of; comprehend fully.

ELABORATED: develop or present (a theory, policy, or system) in detail.

EMBEDDED: (of an object) fixed firmly and deeply in a surrounding mass; implanted.

Everything relies on how the impact of the thing that took place is comprehended, developed, and implanted into the world.

When Steve Jobs released the iPhone, a huge possibility was opened up in the world. Although the creation of the device itself was significant, it was how this creation was grasped, elaborated, and embedded into the world that was truly transformational. If the world chose not to comprehend the device, to develop it further, or to implant it into everyday life, it would have remained just that. A device. The technological revolution was sparked by Steve Jobs' contribution to the world, but it was the way the world reacted to his contribution that sustained the tech revolution's fire, forever changing the way we all work and live.

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 184

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Sun Nov 29, 2020 3:26 pm

"Any outcome of a creative process contains the energy of commitment to it."

CREATIVE: relating to or involving the imagination or original ideas, especially in the production of an artistic work.

PROCESS: a series of actions or steps taken in order to achieve a particular end.

ENERGY: a person's physical and mental powers, typically as applied to a particular task or activity.

COMMITMENT: the state or quality of being dedicated to a cause, activity, etc.

Any product of imaginative action is evidence of a person's physical and mental powers as well as their dedication to their work.

This is a good explanation for why artists are heavily identified by their work. An artist's creations are the result of an intensive process that requires all of their mind, body, and dedication. As "actors" here in the Fishbowl, we are going through a creative process that requires us to interpret and redefine words. Through our writings, our mental powers and dedication are revealed. Spectators can then identify who we are.

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 184

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Tue Dec 01, 2020 11:51 am

"Staying with the notion of fragments, we return to them to pick up pieces.

We return to the origin as we continue to be original.

Sharing your notes and note-making is the way of intimacy. "

FRAGMENTS: a small part broken or separated off something.

ORIGIN: the point or place where something begins, arises, or is derived.

ORIGINAL: not dependent on other people's ideas; inventive and unusual.

NOTES: a short informal letter or written message.

INTIMACY: close familiarity or friendship; closeness.

When we go back to broken parts, we try to put them back together. We go back to the place where something begins as we continue to be inventive. Sharing our letters and creating more letters is the way of closeness.

To continue to be "original", we've got to see where our ideas and notes and fragments began. What prompted us to be on the path we're on now? The fragments we share through letters are pieces in a puzzle. They clue us as actors and others as spectators into the intimate details of our origins.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/30/2020 12:54:16
Subject: technologies of lived abstraction
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I’ve found I learn in fragments. 

I like the word and its image, i.e., the concept ‘fragment.’ 

What does it mean?

The fishbowl, of which you are authors and creators, is "a work of brief meditations, of poetic musings": in a word, of fragments.

‘Fragment' has a meaning worth checking for clarity and nuance. See Fragments by Jean Baudrillard.

I started with the word fragment based upon a feeling this morning regarding the fishbowl.

My life, i.e., the fishbowl, is made of fragments. 

Please google Baudrillard’s “precession of simulacra."

If you can experience this abstraction in the fishbowl (technology of lived abstraction) and get it under your belt, you’re ahead of the game when you graduate. 

Staying with the notion of fragments, we return to them to pick up pieces. 

We return to the origin as we continue to be original. 

Sharing your notes and note-making is the way of intimacy. 

Ours is a living text. It is work in motion and progress. 

Nothing is fixed. It is never finished nor completed, for it lives, like a never-ending story, breathing forever. Please google Scheherazade.

Our challenge then is to find a thread, a link, a bridge, a structure, a sentence that connects different events that constitute our fragments.

How do we do that? How do I first, link my own fragments, and then, How do I connect the links made by others with their own fragments?

Complexity and Chaos is the name of the game. All metaphors. What would we do without them? I never leave home without one.

Fragments as a whole is the Context. I determine that after scrolling the fishbowl. “You’re always thinking,” she said.

This linking between scenarios, between scenes, between paragraphs, between fragments is a technique that we are acquiring in both courses; Society and Culture.

We are moving ideas (words), we are inching forward. We are accounting for our knowledge content and, in-keeping with the metaphor of theatre, we are actors, writing and performing our lines. Also known as "Performative writing/performative inquiry." please google the term.

Implementing a technique for creating knowledge content.

An example:

 

I choose to Engage with April Younkin’s text by Selecting one sentence from it.

I choose to Engage with Joseph Dugas’ text by Selecting one sentence from it.

1."It is important to recognize and reflect on significant images and to formulate ideas within an interconnecting network." (Younkin, 2020)

2. "You develop a point of view by diving deep into your inner thoughts and progress what is important to you." (Dugas, 2020)

So I Juxtapose the two ideas, all the while I am working hard and focused and energized and interested in the possibilities of the outcomes. 

I start by constructing dichotomies. How so? Got to Feel your way.

"seeing the bigger picture and thinking in systems, you have to recognize and reflect on significant images (Younkin)-------"dive deep into inner thoughts and progress, for it is essential to individuality in the world" (Dugas). "You have to formulate ideas within an interconnecting world”. (Younkin).

recognize and reflect on images

formulate ideas by interconnecting networks

dive deep into inner thoughts for progress

essential to determine your place in the world.

Getting specific with creating dichotomies:

recognize/formulate

reflect/network

image/inner

deep/essential

determine/thoughts

Next step for creating/constructing knowledge content is to Develop your dichotomies. 

Please stay tuned. We’re back and we never left (contradiction, paradox and irony are part of this new order).

Please google the term Technologies of Lived Abstraction.

Sanjiv

FRAGMENT, SIMULACRA, CONTEXT, DETERMINE, DEVELOP, DICHOTOMY, LINK

from the fishbowl...

aprilyounkin

Posts: 145

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 8:40 pm

Sun Nov 29, 2020 12:22 am

“What is required is keeping the faith”

Word Pool:

- Required: Stipulated as necessary to be done, made, or provided and/or essential.

- Keeping: The action of owning, maintaining, or protecting something.

- Faith: Complete trust or confidence in someone or something.

Reconstruction:

- Maintaining complete trust in oneself and/or each other is essential.

Felt-Experience:

- To have faith in oneself and/or each other is especially important during these trying times. Although I think that the pandemic will get worse before it gets better, I believe that we will persevere. I trust that we will find a way to pull ourselves out of such a scary and vulnerable situation. There doesn’t seem to be an end right now, but I am still hopeful.

“To see the bigger picture and to think in systems.”

Word Pool:

- See: To discern or deduce mentally after reflection or from information.

- Bigger: Of considerable size, extent, or intensity and/or of considerable importance.

- Picture: A design or representation of an image made by various means.

- Think: To have a particular opinion, belief, or idea about someone or something.

- Systems: A set of things working together as parts of a mechanism or an interconnecting network.

Reconstruction:

- It is important to recognize and reflect on significant images and to formulate ideas within an interconnecting network.

Felt-Experience:

- This reminds me of when I used to be on a sports team. We had to think as a team. For every play, each team member had a different place to be. We had individual tasks and positions, but ultimately, we were one system working towards to same goal. I had to pull my own weight; otherwise I would have let the team down. On the other hand, I had to trust my team members to play their position well. We played as a team, and we won or lost as a team. We had to look and think broader to see that each player’s unique expertise contributed to the overall bigger picture. We were many parts that made up a whole.

josephdugas

Posts: 183

Joined: Wed Sep 02, 2020 2:35 pm

Sat Nov 28, 2020 12:03 pm

unity of diverse thoughts

"How do we state a clear message in a simple sentence. Something coherent and of value. To someone.

How do we develop a point of view?

How do we lead and show the way? "

You develop a point of view by diving deep into your inner thoughts and progress what is important to you. Having a point of view is essential to your individuality in this world. For me, it is often hard for me to change my view when I have articulated it myself, but I am always open to hear others. And we lead and show the way by verbalizing and expressing our view to others. It is important not to expect someone to accept it, but hearing you out is what you should expect. Overall, different point of views are the glue that sticks society together, to bring new ideas and challenge each other for a value of change.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/30/2020 12:53:42
Subject: technologies of lived abstraction
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I’ve found I learn in fragments. 

I like the word and its image, i.e., the concept ‘fragment.’ 

What does it mean?

The fishbowl, of which you are authors and creators, is "a work of brief meditations, of poetic musings": in a word, of fragments.

‘Fragment' has a meaning worth checking for clarity and nuance. See Fragments by Jean Baudrillard.

I started with the word fragment based upon a feeling this morning regarding the fishbowl.

My life, i.e., the fishbowl, is made of fragments. 

Please google Baudrillard’s “precession of simulacra."

If you can experience this abstraction in the fishbowl (technology of lived abstraction) and get it under your belt, you’re ahead of the game when you graduate. 

Staying with the notion of fragments, we return to them to pick up pieces. 

We return to the origin as we continue to be original. 

Sharing your notes and note-making is the way of intimacy. 

Ours is a living text. It is work in motion and progress. 

Nothing is fixed. It is never finished nor completed, for it lives, like a never-ending story, breathing forever. Please google Scheherazade.

Our challenge then is to find a thread, a link, a bridge, a structure, a sentence that connects different events that constitute our fragments.

How do we do that? How do I first, link my own fragments, and then, How do I connect the links made by others with their own fragments?

Complexity and Chaos is the name of the game. All metaphors. What would we do without them? I never leave home without one.

Fragments as a whole is the Context. I determine that after scrolling the fishbowl. “You’re always thinking,” she said.

This linking between scenarios, between scenes, between paragraphs, between fragments is a technique that we are acquiring in both courses; Society and Culture.

We are moving ideas (words), we are inching forward. We are accounting for our knowledge content and, in-keeping with the metaphor of theatre, we are actors, writing and performing our lines. Also known as "Performative writing/performative inquiry." please google the term.

Implementing a technique for creating knowledge content.

An example:

 

I choose to Engage with April Younkin’s text by Selecting one sentence from it.

I choose to Engage with Joseph Dugas’ text by Selecting one sentence from it.

1."It is important to recognize and reflect on significant images and to formulate ideas within an interconnecting network." (Younkin, 2020)

2. "You develop a point of view by diving deep into your inner thoughts and progress what is important to you." (Dugas, 2020)

So I Juxtapose the two ideas, all the while I am working hard and focused and energized and interested in the possibilities of the outcomes. 

I start by constructing dichotomies. How so? Got to Feel your way.

"seeing the bigger picture and thinking in systems, you have to recognize and reflect on significant images (Younkin)-------"dive deep into inner thoughts and progress, for it is essential to individuality in the world" (Dugas). "You have to formulate ideas within an interconnecting world”. (Younkin).

recognize and reflect on images

formulate ideas by interconnecting networks

dive deep into inner thoughts for progress

essential to determine your place in the world.

Getting specific with creating dichotomies:

recognize/formulate

reflect/network

image/inner

deep/essential

determine/thoughts

Next step for creating/constructing knowledge content is to Develop your dichotomies. 

Please stay tuned. We’re back and we never left (contradiction, paradox and irony are part of this new order).

Please google the term Technologies of Lived Abstraction.

Sanjiv

FRAGMENT, SIMULACRA, CONTEXT, DETERMINE, DEVELOP, DICHOTOMY, LINK

from the fishbowl...

aprilyounkin

Posts: 145

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 8:40 pm

Sun Nov 29, 2020 12:22 am

“What is required is keeping the faith”

Word Pool:

- Required: Stipulated as necessary to be done, made, or provided and/or essential.

- Keeping: The action of owning, maintaining, or protecting something.

- Faith: Complete trust or confidence in someone or something.

Reconstruction:

- Maintaining complete trust in oneself and/or each other is essential.

Felt-Experience:

- To have faith in oneself and/or each other is especially important during these trying times. Although I think that the pandemic will get worse before it gets better, I believe that we will persevere. I trust that we will find a way to pull ourselves out of such a scary and vulnerable situation. There doesn’t seem to be an end right now, but I am still hopeful.

“To see the bigger picture and to think in systems.”

Word Pool:

- See: To discern or deduce mentally after reflection or from information.

- Bigger: Of considerable size, extent, or intensity and/or of considerable importance.

- Picture: A design or representation of an image made by various means.

- Think: To have a particular opinion, belief, or idea about someone or something.

- Systems: A set of things working together as parts of a mechanism or an interconnecting network.

Reconstruction:

- It is important to recognize and reflect on significant images and to formulate ideas within an interconnecting network.

Felt-Experience:

- This reminds me of when I used to be on a sports team. We had to think as a team. For every play, each team member had a different place to be. We had individual tasks and positions, but ultimately, we were one system working towards to same goal. I had to pull my own weight; otherwise I would have let the team down. On the other hand, I had to trust my team members to play their position well. We played as a team, and we won or lost as a team. We had to look and think broader to see that each player’s unique expertise contributed to the overall bigger picture. We were many parts that made up a whole.

josephdugas

Posts: 183

Joined: Wed Sep 02, 2020 2:35 pm

Sat Nov 28, 2020 12:03 pm

unity of diverse thoughts

"How do we state a clear message in a simple sentence. Something coherent and of value. To someone.

How do we develop a point of view?

How do we lead and show the way? "

You develop a point of view by diving deep into your inner thoughts and progress what is important to you. Having a point of view is essential to your individuality in this world. For me, it is often hard for me to change my view when I have articulated it myself, but I am always open to hear others. And we lead and show the way by verbalizing and expressing our view to others. It is important not to expect someone to accept it, but hearing you out is what you should expect. Overall, different point of views are the glue that sticks society together, to bring new ideas and challenge each other for a value of change.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/28/2020 0:25:14
Subject: unity to diverse thoughts
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

The challenge and task before us as humans is to give meaning to one's self-generated text, as we see in jbutler17's postings.

The world applauds this courage and desire, and effort to learn. To express. To create. 

How does one bring unity to diverse thoughts which we witness as ‘fragments' in the fishbowl? 

How do we state a clear message in a simple sentence. Something coherent and of value. To someone.

How do we develop a point of view? 

How do we lead and show the way? 

How do I give an account of myself?

In other words, what do I have to do: To create and construct meaning. 

Any outcome of a creative process contains the energy of commitment to it. 

You have to do something. 

jbutler has to “make the text more real." 

If I select theatre as a metaphor, then my lines as an actor have to be addressed. What is the final scene going to be? The final act. 

How do you say good bye?

The selection of theatre was a creative act. An important decision because it affects both process and the outcome.

The ground work (metaphor) is already set up in jbutler17's text.

How so? 

When I examined the tools needed for taking action, in order to create meaning, I came up with the following basic necessary ingredients, and the postings below cover most of them...

1. context....laid out in jbutler's postings

2. articulation...expression and voice of postings

3. intention...engagement and course grade

4. attention...scrutiny and focus

5. magnetism ... interest and appeal

6. attitude...learning and growth

7. content...knowledge and experience

8. time...contemplation and meditation

The classic recipe for effective theatre is threefold:

1. you need something to say

2. you need technique, and

3. you need passion.

Like a stool, if one leg is missing, the stool will topple over. It’s as simple as that.

What is one's technique whenever one says something meaningful?

What is one's process when creating a sentence?

How does one evoke interest and appeal?

The point is how do you create and construct meaning from the text below: it is the question on the table. 

For convenience, I think about what I am doing in terms of the following injunctions (Gareth Morgan, Images of Organizations, p.301), 

same as you are doing in your fishbowls (please fact check in the fishbowl):

1. “Get inside”

2. Adopt the role of learner

3. “Map the terrain”

4. Identify key themes and interpretations (to produce an evolving “reading” of the situation)

5. Confirm, refute, and reformulate throughout

At another level, what is required is keeping the faith, but you have to work, work and work. Reading and writing. There is nothing outside text. In the beginning is the word!

We will discuss how to give meaning to diverse thoughts in one’s text. Stay with the process of deconstruction and vocabulary and felt-experiences. IT is work. Labor. It is learning to think in metaphor; to see the bigger picture and to think in systems. Like theatre in my example. At a scientific level it is one’s right side of brain which allows us to do that.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

jbutler17

Posts: 23

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 12:04 pm

Sat Sep 12, 2020 1:39 pm

This part of Fishbowl will provide two purposes: an area to post notes relevant to Letters received throughout this course and a location for the submission of my interpretation/summary of those Letters.

Last edited by jbutler17 on Wed Sep 16, 2020 10:41 am, edited 1 time in total.

jbutler17

Posts: 23

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 12:04 pm

Sat Sep 12, 2020 5:05 pm

Pre-Letter 01: Syllabus - Summary and Paraphrase

Introduction: The emphasis of this class is the study and observation of social transformations and interactions during the current era of CMC. We'll focus on two parts called "the individualization of work and the fragmentation of societies".

Building A Society | The Network and Visual Reality: Treating one's group of three members as a world unto itself, students should closely observe the "flow" of information both to and from yourself and your teammates. The eventual lesson should incorporate an understanding of how the student perceives both the world in which he or she sees and how they have thus far interacted within. Side note: keep in mind how outside experiences and personalities may affect either interpretation or misinterpretation to/from one another within the networked society created by the three members.

Course Method | Ethnographic Action Research: Keeping an objective understanding of various societal influences in mind, students are expected to become somewhat fully immersed within multiple informational forces to include both content and means or influences behind the method of delivery. [keep in mind epistemology (distinction btw knowledge, beliefs, and perceived truths), is the purpose to expand the understanding of our own visual realities?] Part of the immersion involves the deconstruction of Letters, observation of peers' method of articulation, understanding of effective communication, and adaptation or re-adjustments to communication methods.

New words: Ethnographic, 'communicative ecologies'.

Course Dictum | Describe Things: [check old notes relating to David Hume, the limits of causal relationships and experience in general (resemblance, contiguity, and cause and effect?)] The goal is to attempt to identify objective descriptors for the things presented throughout the course of instruction while remaining aware but separate from independent or personal influences/biases towards the describing of a thing. Things may include anything from written works and texts, correspondence, one's personal experiences, and anything in-between.

New/interesting words: phenomenology, intellectual clutter

Practice and Process: Start things off in this course by being non-judgementally receptive to words in and of themselves. Comprehension of words and phrases can lead to the respect of the thing/word as well as it's application to one's self such that mental freedom and a clear understanding of one's ideas or experiences within a society are gained.

"Is there a text in this class?": There's no official class textbook; instead, various supplementary readings will be made available. See the syllabus for listing.

Assessment and Evaluation | Forming a Society: Grade based on the perceived development and ability to convince others of "semantic and action-orienting powers". Emphasis is on information channel diversity and perceived credibility.

Grade | Distribution: 40% = Interactive Activities focusing on characteristics of Transnational Organizations. 20% = Quality of presentation in forums requiring deep reading and understanding of "concepts, images, and perspectives" (hint: slower in-depth reading is critical). 20% = Letter Deconstruction and Analysis (requires identifying implied premises/points and analogies for proper understanding). 20% = ability to self-reflect and adapt throughout this course as new information is received.

Finally | Individuation: (Individuation = Projection of one's self and their independent qualities from other's as well as the understanding of how/why such projection is made and how it may be perceived) Grade = level of engagement with groups/materials + creation of value through thoughtful or quality posts in Fishbowl. Ended with a list of required forum subjects to be posted under (Notes: Taking and Making, Vocabulary: Concepts and Word-images, Reading and Deconstructing Text, Interactive Assignments, and Individual Assignments).

Epilogue: Quote about sublime word-word, Addendum 1 = required statement of objectives of the course from URI, Addendum 2 = primary technologies required/used by the course, Social technologies, educational technologies, and intellectual technologies.

jbutler17

Posts: 23

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 12:04 pm

Wed Sep 16, 2020 3:01 pm

Pre-Letter 02: Fishbowl Instructions

Don't stress about the unknown elements within this course. If something specific needs to be done by individual students then instructions and prescribed steps will be provided.

Visualization and breathing exercise was given.

Instructions to aid in effective communication included:

1. Keep posted letters in the order in which they were posted and read them 3 times. The purpose is to get us in the mindset of notetaking within an unknown/unusual/new environment. Keywords: EMANATE, UNFOLD

2. Follow the instructions for your Fishbowl setup. Page 5 = important/about activation.

jbutler17

Posts: 23

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 12:04 pm

Wed Sep 16, 2020 3:05 pm

Letter 01: Class

Takeaways:

Repeats point from syllabus and earlier posts about taking the unknowns en-stride.

Reminder about not keeping your groups waiting, availability of instructions, and that "scheduled time" is for the purpose of physically meeting with your group members.

Keywords: FORGE, SPACE, UNCERTAINTY, CLIFF, EDGE.

jbutler17

Posts: 23

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 12:04 pm

Wed Sep 16, 2020 3:27 pm

Letter 02: Welcome again and again...always welcome

Summary/Paraphrase with own thoughts:

The point of repetitious statements is for the reinforcement of ideas for the course (reminiscent of the idea that if you hear something three times then it's harder to forget).

The approach to this class should include thinking of The Fishbowl as THE METAPHOR for your mental space, visual space, and inter-subjective space.

Between us = you + me, you + your group, you + your class. (Navy saying, "One team, one fight!")

Process > outcome

Opportunities to show our processes are how we learn to acquire "soft-power". A wordsmith can be anyone who expresses themselves with some manifestation of their inner visualizations with an emphasis on the process (how they express it) rather than their outcome (the result of the expression).

Asynchronous = nobody is required to be on at the same time as another.

This approach is metaphorically similar to a "David-Goliath" story for doing business. Expect letters to be akin to a higher peak (more intense plateau) which builds upon the previous letter while remaining chiefly independent. Look up Deleuze and Guattari's "A Thousand Plateaus". (Concept of interconnectedness reminds me of "The Web of Life" by Fritjof Capra.)

Keywords and Vocab will be in all CAPITAL letters within the emails.

Vocab: ASYNCHRONOUS, SELECT, EVOLVE, UNFOLD, ABSORB, soft-power

jbutler17

Posts: 23

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 12:04 pm

Wed Sep 16, 2020 3:52 pm

Letter 03: searching for nuggets: watching, looking, seeing

Summary/Paraphrase and notes:

The course made for developing the skill of "Abstraction".

Assignment 1 = google Abstract Art and pull out a sentence from your search that you wish to bring to the table.

The frequency and number of activities that are completed depend on the individual in this course. Minimum effort = B grade.

Research methods will be established and explained as we go along. For now, just post to your 5 Topics and read what your team posts. Consider differences in what's seen, said, etc. (The implication is something like a student who's unsure if he/she is doing a project correctly, so they ask how another group is "going about" the project, and then upon seeing their approach/method/effort adjusts his/her own.)

Consider the process of reading and summarizing these letters as being for the purpose of evolving your psyche. (Think of it like one's imagination is limited by their experiences. To improve one's creativity or expand their imagination new experiences are required.)

Vocab: BETWEEN, DIFFERENT, PROCESS, ABSTRACT, ABSTRACT ART, EXPRESSION, TEXT, COMPOSE, EMBEDDED, AWARE, KNOWLEDGE, KNOWING, NUGGET, SHARE, CONTENT.

jbutler17

Posts: 23

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 12:04 pm

 Wed Sep 16, 2020 4:26 pm

Letter 04: societies and mega cities

Summary/Paraphrase and notes:

The letter just details our next assignment. Click the link below to watch Ted Talk by Parag Kanna about "How megacities are changing the map of the world".

Write down 5 abstract ideas used/posted by the speaker. Example: The future is about connectivity and not sovereignty.

Goal = learn how to identify abstract ideas. Keep it simple.

Vocab: MEANING, PERCEPTION, TIME, SPACE, IDEA, VARIANCE, SOCIAL, PROCESS, VALUE.

jbutler17

Posts: 23

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 12:04 pm

Wed Sep 16, 2020 4:37 pm

Letter 05: The Third Eye: Taking Words Further

Summary/Paraphrase and notes:

Semester Mantra = slow the mind through conscious breathing

Surviving chaotic situations/emotions, understanding and slowing down enough to make sense of what's going on is crucial.

Suggested to become familiar with interconnected or shared meanings of words such that they're categorized and can be used to supplement or substitute other words.

Repeated reminders related to posting in The Fishbowl to help organize thoughts regarding the letters, understanding the structure of the Fishbowl, and keeping a flexible mindset about what you put into the Fishbowl. (Idea: try not to repeat certain words too frequently, substitution prevents monotony and creates both greater interest and opportunity for expanded understanding.)

Vocab: SORT, SIFT, SELECT, SUBSTITUTE, WORDS, DEEP THINKING, STRUCTURE, ORGANIZE, MAKE, PRODUCE, BE, SENSE, RANGE, FEELINGS, FOCUS, MEDITATE, CONTEMPLATION, MINDFUL.

jbutler17

Posts: 23

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 12:04 pm

Fri Sep 18, 2020 11:11 am

Letter 06: some logistics on a Sunday morning

Summary and Paraphrase with personal thoughts:

There's a lot to do but we should have some type of routine by this point and be thinking of ourselves as "craftsmen of words".

*Metaphor: "this semester is precarious and fragile, like a porcelain workshop". --> So, my question or line of thought to this is: Within the bounds of this "workshop", if we break up the tools, the clay and such, and the shelves which the vases rest before going to a store shelf, then what makes up or represents each component? Obviously, The Fishbowl represents the structure or building itself for the workshop; but then are the Letters the raw clay, are our hands and eyes the tools by which we shape and add styles to the newly made vases, and our classmates the shelves that we must then place the vases? If so, then we must consider the strength of each as well as ourselves because even if our tools are sharp, the clay is pure, and the building sound, a weak shelf could leave everything shattered... However, until I provide my own shelf the quality of another's will remain an unknown factor.

The purpose of The Fishbowl's structure is not to allow forums subject to criticism, but forums for openly silent observation. Replies and messages should be private, not public.

Repeat about posting in your own space while comparing content production to your team's products.

It's about the symbol = language game requiring avoidance of distractions and focus. This is all one big experiment. --> So, then are we the lab rats? Is this about intuitively building up the ability to navigate mazes (another metaphor).

Consider both implied and stated premises. --> Perhaps put certain statements into argument structure to make identification easier.

Vocab: MENTAL, SPACE, LABORATORY, EXPERIMENT, TEXTUAL, CONCEIVE, FORM, DEPICT, LOOK, COMPARE, CONTRAST, LOGISTICS (wiki)

jbutler17

Posts: 23

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 12:04 pm

Tue Sep 22, 2020 7:58 pm

Letter 07: moving into a zone

Summary and paraphrase with personal notes

Key Takeaways/paraphrase: The purpose of "Your fishbowl" is to get structural experience in management practice communications in a new society. The ability to understand, facilitate, and encourage self-organizational competency is crucial to an individual's success in various business environments (assume the will be differences in each business environment you enter). This required adapting your expectations and thinking process. "Ideas about the fishbowl are always based on implicit images or metaphors that persuade us to see, understand, and manage situations in a particular way. Metaphors = insight and distortion. All things have a limit and multiple things can be both right and wrong. Use insights and metaphors to expand your thought beyond structured bubbles.

Vocab: LEARNING, COMPETENCE, ENHANCE, CAPACITY, HIERARCHY, TRAP, IMPLICIT, IMAGE, STRUCTURE, STYLE, ALIGN

jbutler17

Posts: 23

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 12:04 pm

Thu Nov 26, 2020 9:28 am

Letter 08: generating text

Key takeaways/paraphrase: If group members are not posting, email them (did this a long time ago and texted too). Statement about "hope your mind is becoming ever freer of technology (yet we use technology to post?). Reiteration that this is not Brightspace and we're not "Zooming", and the Fishbowl groups have been restructured a little so that people are moved around, apologies for inconvenience/etc with initial start instructions and emphasis on vocabulary.

The Fishbowl is a commitment to one another that we're making: a promise to read each other's words in a 'deep learning' kind of way (that means don't just superficially skim your peers' summaries, but read and compare to your own) which requires one to slow down. If you rush then you will always miss something (my words not sanjiv's words).

With vocab, don't cut/paste, type it, that's how you'll retain and learn it. Think about the symbols and images inherent of each word.

Assignment instructions: none

Vocab: will now only list in the vocab section as it seems redundant to list twice (redundant for me to do so).

jbutler17

Posts: 26

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 12:04 pm

Thu Nov 26, 2020 9:47 am

Letter 10 (?): From the desk of Nick Colicci

Summary: It's a summary of posts on 9/14/2020 by Nick Colicci. No assignment instructions or things to look up were embedded in the posts.

New Assignment: none

jbutler17

Posts: 26

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 12:04 pm

 Fri Nov 27, 2020 9:52 am

Letter 11: a fishbowl state of mind

Summary/Interpretation/Takeaways: Reiteration about us a) learning at our own paces and b) learning to stay abreast with our group/fishbowl.

We will get a B by entering the door, some effort is required to get higher but there are no such performance expectations nor deadlines (I can reasonably assume that if one has not at least made their Subtopic headings then they cannot be seen to have entered through the door of said course, therefore failure to attempt anything whatsoever could be justified with a C or less). I (John) would still recommend to my teammates to at least read all the way through the letters even if they post nothing else.

The expectation is that through our experiences as another participant-observer within the world of the fishbowl we now live in such that we begin to "look with understanding" and "find out what I/we already know".

We'll discuss more about "living your life as a participant-observer, interacting symbolically and being socially reflexive" later

Assignments: Look up/google Jonathan Livingston Seagull.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/28/2020 0:24:39
Subject: unity to diverse thoughts
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

The challenge and task before us as humans is to give meaning to one's self-generated text, as we see in jbutler17's postings.

The world applauds this courage and desire, and effort to learn. To express. To create.

How does one bring unity to diverse thoughts which we witness as ‘fragments' in the fishbowl?

How do we state a clear message in a simple sentence. Something coherent and of value. To someone.

How do we develop a point of view?

How do we lead and show the way?

How do I give an account of myself?

In other words, what do I have to do: To create and construct meaning.

Any outcome of a creative process contains the energy of commitment to it.

You have to do something.

jbutler has to “make the text more real."

If I select theatre as a metaphor, then my lines as an actor have to be addressed. What is the final scene going to be? The final act.

How do you say good bye?

The selection of theatre was a creative act. An important decision because it affects both process and the outcome.

The ground work (metaphor) is already set up in jbutler17's text.

How so?

When I examined the tools needed for taking action, in order to create meaning, I came up with the following basic necessary ingredients, and the postings below cover most of them...

1. context....laid out in jbutler's postings

2. articulation...expression and voice of postings

3. intention...engagement and course grade

4. attention...scrutiny and focus

5. magnetism ... interest and appeal

6. attitude...learning and growth

7. content...knowledge and experience

8. time...contemplation and meditation

The classic recipe for effective theatre is threefold:

1. you need something to say

2. you need technique, and

3. you need passion.

Like a stool, if one leg is missing, the stool will topple over. It’s as simple as that.

What is one's technique whenever one says something meaningful?

What is one's process when creating a sentence?

How does one evoke interest and appeal?

The point is how do you create and construct meaning from the text below: it is the question on the table.

For convenience, I think about what I am doing in terms of the following injunctions (Gareth Morgan, Images of Organizations, p.301),

same as you are doing in your fishbowls (please fact check in the fishbowl):

1. “Get inside”

2. Adopt the role of learner

3. “Map the terrain”

4. Identify key themes and interpretations (to produce an evolving “reading” of the situation)

5. Confirm, refute, and reformulate throughout

At another level, what is required is keeping the faith, but you have to work, work and work. Reading and writing. There is nothing outside text. In the beginning is the word!

We will discuss how to give meaning to diverse thoughts in one’s text. Stay with the process of deconstruction and vocabulary and felt-experiences. IT is work. Labor. It is learning to think in metaphor; to see the bigger picture and to think in systems. Like theatre in my example. At a scientific level it is one’s right side of brain which allows us to do that.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

jbutler17

Posts: 23

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 12:04 pm

Sat Sep 12, 2020 1:39 pm

This part of Fishbowl will provide two purposes: an area to post notes relevant to Letters received throughout this course and a location for the submission of my interpretation/summary of those Letters.

Last edited by jbutler17 on Wed Sep 16, 2020 10:41 am, edited 1 time in total.

jbutler17

Posts: 23

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 12:04 pm

Sat Sep 12, 2020 5:05 pm

Pre-Letter 01: Syllabus - Summary and Paraphrase

Introduction: The emphasis of this class is the study and observation of social transformations and interactions during the current era of CMC. We'll focus on two parts called "the individualization of work and the fragmentation of societies".

Building A Society | The Network and Visual Reality: Treating one's group of three members as a world unto itself, students should closely observe the "flow" of information both to and from yourself and your teammates. The eventual lesson should incorporate an understanding of how the student perceives both the world in which he or she sees and how they have thus far interacted within. Side note: keep in mind how outside experiences and personalities may affect either interpretation or misinterpretation to/from one another within the networked society created by the three members.

Course Method | Ethnographic Action Research: Keeping an objective understanding of various societal influences in mind, students are expected to become somewhat fully immersed within multiple informational forces to include both content and means or influences behind the method of delivery. [keep in mind epistemology (distinction btw knowledge, beliefs, and perceived truths), is the purpose to expand the understanding of our own visual realities?] Part of the immersion involves the deconstruction of Letters, observation of peers' method of articulation, understanding of effective communication, and adaptation or re-adjustments to communication methods.

New words: Ethnographic, 'communicative ecologies'.

Course Dictum | Describe Things: [check old notes relating to David Hume, the limits of causal relationships and experience in general (resemblance, contiguity, and cause and effect?)] The goal is to attempt to identify objective descriptors for the things presented throughout the course of instruction while remaining aware but separate from independent or personal influences/biases towards the describing of a thing. Things may include anything from written works and texts, correspondence, one's personal experiences, and anything in-between.

New/interesting words: phenomenology, intellectual clutter

Practice and Process: Start things off in this course by being non-judgementally receptive to words in and of themselves. Comprehension of words and phrases can lead to the respect of the thing/word as well as it's application to one's self such that mental freedom and a clear understanding of one's ideas or experiences within a society are gained.

"Is there a text in this class?": There's no official class textbook; instead, various supplementary readings will be made available. See the syllabus for listing.

Assessment and Evaluation | Forming a Society: Grade based on the perceived development and ability to convince others of "semantic and action-orienting powers". Emphasis is on information channel diversity and perceived credibility.

Grade | Distribution: 40% = Interactive Activities focusing on characteristics of Transnational Organizations. 20% = Quality of presentation in forums requiring deep reading and understanding of "concepts, images, and perspectives" (hint: slower in-depth reading is critical). 20% = Letter Deconstruction and Analysis (requires identifying implied premises/points and analogies for proper understanding). 20% = ability to self-reflect and adapt throughout this course as new information is received.

Finally | Individuation: (Individuation = Projection of one's self and their independent qualities from other's as well as the understanding of how/why such projection is made and how it may be perceived) Grade = level of engagement with groups/materials + creation of value through thoughtful or quality posts in Fishbowl. Ended with a list of required forum subjects to be posted under (Notes: Taking and Making, Vocabulary: Concepts and Word-images, Reading and Deconstructing Text, Interactive Assignments, and Individual Assignments).

Epilogue: Quote about sublime word-word, Addendum 1 = required statement of objectives of the course from URI, Addendum 2 = primary technologies required/used by the course, Social technologies, educational technologies, and intellectual technologies.

jbutler17

Posts: 23

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 12:04 pm

Wed Sep 16, 2020 3:01 pm

Pre-Letter 02: Fishbowl Instructions

Don't stress about the unknown elements within this course. If something specific needs to be done by individual students then instructions and prescribed steps will be provided.

Visualization and breathing exercise was given.

Instructions to aid in effective communication included:

1. Keep posted letters in the order in which they were posted and read them 3 times. The purpose is to get us in the mindset of notetaking within an unknown/unusual/new environment. Keywords: EMANATE, UNFOLD

2. Follow the instructions for your Fishbowl setup. Page 5 = important/about activation.

jbutler17

Posts: 23

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 12:04 pm

Wed Sep 16, 2020 3:05 pm

Letter 01: Class

Takeaways:

Repeats point from syllabus and earlier posts about taking the unknowns en-stride.

Reminder about not keeping your groups waiting, availability of instructions, and that "scheduled time" is for the purpose of physically meeting with your group members.

Keywords: FORGE, SPACE, UNCERTAINTY, CLIFF, EDGE.

jbutler17

Posts: 23

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 12:04 pm

Wed Sep 16, 2020 3:27 pm

Letter 02: Welcome again and again...always welcome

Summary/Paraphrase with own thoughts:

The point of repetitious statements is for the reinforcement of ideas for the course (reminiscent of the idea that if you hear something three times then it's harder to forget).

The approach to this class should include thinking of The Fishbowl as THE METAPHOR for your mental space, visual space, and inter-subjective space.

Between us = you + me, you + your group, you + your class. (Navy saying, "One team, one fight!")

Process > outcome

Opportunities to show our processes are how we learn to acquire "soft-power". A wordsmith can be anyone who expresses themselves with some manifestation of their inner visualizations with an emphasis on the process (how they express it) rather than their outcome (the result of the expression).

Asynchronous = nobody is required to be on at the same time as another.

This approach is metaphorically similar to a "David-Goliath" story for doing business. Expect letters to be akin to a higher peak (more intense plateau) which builds upon the previous letter while remaining chiefly independent. Look up Deleuze and Guattari's "A Thousand Plateaus". (Concept of interconnectedness reminds me of "The Web of Life" by Fritjof Capra.)

Keywords and Vocab will be in all CAPITAL letters within the emails.

Vocab: ASYNCHRONOUS, SELECT, EVOLVE, UNFOLD, ABSORB, soft-power

jbutler17

Posts: 23

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 12:04 pm

Wed Sep 16, 2020 3:52 pm

Letter 03: searching for nuggets: watching, looking, seeing

Summary/Paraphrase and notes:

The course made for developing the skill of "Abstraction".

Assignment 1 = google Abstract Art and pull out a sentence from your search that you wish to bring to the table.

The frequency and number of activities that are completed depend on the individual in this course. Minimum effort = B grade.

Research methods will be established and explained as we go along. For now, just post to your 5 Topics and read what your team posts. Consider differences in what's seen, said, etc. (The implication is something like a student who's unsure if he/she is doing a project correctly, so they ask how another group is "going about" the project, and then upon seeing their approach/method/effort adjusts his/her own.)

Consider the process of reading and summarizing these letters as being for the purpose of evolving your psyche. (Think of it like one's imagination is limited by their experiences. To improve one's creativity or expand their imagination new experiences are required.)

Vocab: BETWEEN, DIFFERENT, PROCESS, ABSTRACT, ABSTRACT ART, EXPRESSION, TEXT, COMPOSE, EMBEDDED, AWARE, KNOWLEDGE, KNOWING, NUGGET, SHARE, CONTENT.

jbutler17

Posts: 23

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 12:04 pm

Wed Sep 16, 2020 4:26 pm

Letter 04: societies and mega cities

Summary/Paraphrase and notes:

The letter just details our next assignment. Click the link below to watch Ted Talk by Parag Kanna about "How megacities are changing the map of the world".

Write down 5 abstract ideas used/posted by the speaker. Example: The future is about connectivity and not sovereignty.

Goal = learn how to identify abstract ideas. Keep it simple.

Vocab: MEANING, PERCEPTION, TIME, SPACE, IDEA, VARIANCE, SOCIAL, PROCESS, VALUE.

jbutler17

Posts: 23

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 12:04 pm

Wed Sep 16, 2020 4:37 pm

Letter 05: The Third Eye: Taking Words Further

Summary/Paraphrase and notes:

Semester Mantra = slow the mind through conscious breathing

Surviving chaotic situations/emotions, understanding and slowing down enough to make sense of what's going on is crucial.

Suggested to become familiar with interconnected or shared meanings of words such that they're categorized and can be used to supplement or substitute other words.

Repeated reminders related to posting in The Fishbowl to help organize thoughts regarding the letters, understanding the structure of the Fishbowl, and keeping a flexible mindset about what you put into the Fishbowl. (Idea: try not to repeat certain words too frequently, substitution prevents monotony and creates both greater interest and opportunity for expanded understanding.)

Vocab: SORT, SIFT, SELECT, SUBSTITUTE, WORDS, DEEP THINKING, STRUCTURE, ORGANIZE, MAKE, PRODUCE, BE, SENSE, RANGE, FEELINGS, FOCUS, MEDITATE, CONTEMPLATION, MINDFUL.

jbutler17

Posts: 23

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 12:04 pm

Fri Sep 18, 2020 11:11 am

Letter 06: some logistics on a Sunday morning

Summary and Paraphrase with personal thoughts:

There's a lot to do but we should have some type of routine by this point and be thinking of ourselves as "craftsmen of words".

*Metaphor: "this semester is precarious and fragile, like a porcelain workshop". --> So, my question or line of thought to this is: Within the bounds of this "workshop", if we break up the tools, the clay and such, and the shelves which the vases rest before going to a store shelf, then what makes up or represents each component? Obviously, The Fishbowl represents the structure or building itself for the workshop; but then are the Letters the raw clay, are our hands and eyes the tools by which we shape and add styles to the newly made vases, and our classmates the shelves that we must then place the vases? If so, then we must consider the strength of each as well as ourselves because even if our tools are sharp, the clay is pure, and the building sound, a weak shelf could leave everything shattered... However, until I provide my own shelf the quality of another's will remain an unknown factor.

The purpose of The Fishbowl's structure is not to allow forums subject to criticism, but forums for openly silent observation. Replies and messages should be private, not public.

Repeat about posting in your own space while comparing content production to your team's products.

It's about the symbol = language game requiring avoidance of distractions and focus. This is all one big experiment. --> So, then are we the lab rats? Is this about intuitively building up the ability to navigate mazes (another metaphor).

Consider both implied and stated premises. --> Perhaps put certain statements into argument structure to make identification easier.

Vocab: MENTAL, SPACE, LABORATORY, EXPERIMENT, TEXTUAL, CONCEIVE, FORM, DEPICT, LOOK, COMPARE, CONTRAST, LOGISTICS (wiki)

jbutler17

Posts: 23

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 12:04 pm

Tue Sep 22, 2020 7:58 pm

Letter 07: moving into a zone

Summary and paraphrase with personal notes

Key Takeaways/paraphrase: The purpose of "Your fishbowl" is to get structural experience in management practice communications in a new society. The ability to understand, facilitate, and encourage self-organizational competency is crucial to an individual's success in various business environments (assume the will be differences in each business environment you enter). This required adapting your expectations and thinking process. "Ideas about the fishbowl are always based on implicit images or metaphors that persuade us to see, understand, and manage situations in a particular way. Metaphors = insight and distortion. All things have a limit and multiple things can be both right and wrong. Use insights and metaphors to expand your thought beyond structured bubbles.

Vocab: LEARNING, COMPETENCE, ENHANCE, CAPACITY, HIERARCHY, TRAP, IMPLICIT, IMAGE, STRUCTURE, STYLE, ALIGN

jbutler17

Posts: 23

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 12:04 pm

Thu Nov 26, 2020 9:28 am

Letter 08: generating text

Key takeaways/paraphrase: If group members are not posting, email them (did this a long time ago and texted too). Statement about "hope your mind is becoming ever freer of technology (yet we use technology to post?). Reiteration that this is not Brightspace and we're not "Zooming", and the Fishbowl groups have been restructured a little so that people are moved around, apologies for inconvenience/etc with initial start instructions and emphasis on vocabulary.

The Fishbowl is a commitment to one another that we're making: a promise to read each other's words in a 'deep learning' kind of way (that means don't just superficially skim your peers' summaries, but read and compare to your own) which requires one to slow down. If you rush then you will always miss something (my words not sanjiv's words).

With vocab, don't cut/paste, type it, that's how you'll retain and learn it. Think about the symbols and images inherent of each word.

Assignment instructions: none

Vocab: will now only list in the vocab section as it seems redundant to list twice (redundant for me to do so).

jbutler17

Posts: 26

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 12:04 pm

Thu Nov 26, 2020 9:47 am

Letter 10 (?): From the desk of Nick Colicci

Summary: It's a summary of posts on 9/14/2020 by Nick Colicci. No assignment instructions or things to look up were embedded in the posts.

New Assignment: none

jbutler17

Posts: 26

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 12:04 pm

Fri Nov 27, 2020 9:52 am

Letter 11: a fishbowl state of mind

Summary/Interpretation/Takeaways: Reiteration about us a) learning at our own paces and b) learning to stay abreast with our group/fishbowl.

We will get a B by entering the door, some effort is required to get higher but there are no such performance expectations nor deadlines (I can reasonably assume that if one has not at least made their Subtopic headings then they cannot be seen to have entered through the door of said course, therefore failure to attempt anything whatsoever could be justified with a C or less). I (John) would still recommend to my teammates to at least read all the way through the letters even if they post nothing else.

The expectation is that through our experiences as another participant-observer within the world of the fishbowl we now live in such that we begin to "look with understanding" and "find out what I/we already know".

We'll discuss more about "living your life as a participant-observer, interacting symbolically and being socially reflexive" later

Assignments: Look up/google Jonathan Livingston Seagull.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/27/2020 14:42:56
Subject: &quot;truth procedure&quot;
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Your postings take us on a journey that interrogates and explores the following techniques: 

reflexivity, symbolic interactionism, participant-observation and auto-ethnography. 

IN all these domains, your postings are ‘events' that bring to light possibilities that were invisible or even unthinkable; they propose something to us.

Please see April Younkin’s posting below.

“Everything then depends on how the possibility opened up by the ‘event' is grasped, elaborated and embedded in the world" --- yours is what Badiou calls a ”truth procedure.”

The event of your posting creates a possibility but there then has to be an effort for this possibility to become real and inscribed in the world, as you have done extremely well!

Sanjiv

INTERROGATE, EXPLORE, DOMAIN, EVENT, POSSIBILITY, TRUTH, PROCEDURE, INSCRIBE

from the fishbowl...

aprilyounkin

Posts: 142

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 8:40 pm

Sat Nov 07, 2020 11:40 pm

“How does one make the viewing interaction (eyes looking at eyes) more intimate, so we can travel together, far and wide?”

I think of Walt Whitman:

“Listener up there! What have you to confide to me?

Look in my face…

(Talk honestly, no one else hears you, and I stay only a minute longer.)

How so? I don’t think I can improve on Whitman, but what does he mean? He talks directly to the reader from the page (up there, eyes looking at eyes). He questions the listener, the reader. He wants to know what the reader has to offer. He wants raw emotion, honesty, and clarity. He will not let the reader look away until there is a true connection between the two, yet it is fleeting, a quick connection that is long lasting.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/27/2020 14:42:03
Subject: &quot;truth procedure&quot;
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Your postings take us on a journey that interrogates and explores the following techniques: 

reflexivity, symbolic interactionism, participant-observation and auto-ethnography. 

IN all these domains, your postings are ‘events' that bring to light possibilities that were invisible or even unthinkable; they propose something to us.

Please see April Younkin’s posting below.

“Everything then depends on how the possibility opened up by the ‘event' is grasped, elaborated and embedded in the world" --- yours is what Badiou calls a ”truth procedure.”

The event of your posting creates a possibility but there then has to be an effort for this possibility to become real and inscribed in the world, as you have done extremely well!

Sanjiv

INTERROGATE, EXPLORE, DOMAIN, EVENT, POSSIBILITY, TRUTH, PROCEDURE, INSCRIBE

from the fishbowl...

aprilyounkin

Posts: 142

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 8:40 pm

Sat Nov 07, 2020 11:40 pm

“How does one make the viewing interaction (eyes looking at eyes) more intimate, so we can travel together, far and wide?”

I think of Walt Whitman:

“Listener up there! What have you to confide to me?

Look in my face…

(Talk honestly, no one else hears you, and I stay only a minute longer.)

How so? I don’t think I can improve on Whitman, but what does he mean? He talks directly to the reader from the page (up there, eyes looking at eyes). He questions the listener, the reader. He wants to know what the reader has to offer. He wants raw emotion, honesty, and clarity. He will not let the reader look away until there is a true connection between the two, yet it is fleeting, a quick connection that is long lasting.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/25/2020 23:25:02
Subject: it's about conscious creation
------------------------------------------------------------
Happy Thanksgiving! 

And she said...

“Don’t crumple my letter,

Read it through, my friend, to the end.

I’ve had enough of being unknown,

The strange one on your path.”

(Anna Akhmatova)

from the fishbowl...

sophievicedomine

Posts: 52

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 11:02 am

 Fri Sep 11, 2020 12:57 pm

letter #1

I have taken two of Sanjiv's classes before and I believe it took me all of those combined months to fully understand what we were trying to get at when we were creating the fishbowl. His class is a conversation, not a lecture. It is more than anything, a process.

I kept on looking for some end product, some rubric that would tell me how to get an A, what was due, and what he wanted me to say so I could pass the class. Little did I know that was the opposite of the point.

The point is not to regurgitate information back to him, but rather to DEVELOPE and CULTIVATE our own methods of expression and communication. All of the little vocab words and google searches were not busy work, but weapons put into our hands. I remember a saying that asked if the pen or the sword was more powerful. I think Sanjiv would say that a pen is both a tool to build and a weapon of destruction if need be. WORDS ARE POWER.

Perhaps as a native English speaker, I have taken it a bit for granted how easy it is for me to express myself, but whenever I enter a foreign language class I realize just how vital our vocabularies are. If you can hold an audience's attention during a story or anecdote, you have the power to implant ideas or impressions in their minds that will stay long after you finish speaking.

I know sometimes it can be confusing because we aren't always sure of our professors' expectations. But after two previous semsters with Sanjiv, I think I can say that his only expectations are that we try and that we grow. And really, it is impossible not to grow if you read the letters and reflect on them. It can even be slightly therapeutic, as all self-reflection can be. Ok, that's all for now, in the coming week my personal goal with this class is to share my experience, and to really dive deep into the structures of the letters.

sophievicedomine

Posts: 52

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 11:02 am

Mon Sep 14, 2020 1:27 pm

letter: the third eye: taking words further

Making Sense/ Producing Sense/ Being Sensible

Making sense - discerning meaning. Organizing thoughts and facts into your own words. Arriving at a conclusion that was embedded in the information.

Producing sense - creating meaning where there previously was none. When I produce sense, I arrive at a conclusion that was not already there.

Being sensible - listening to others, following a logical and occasionally methodical method of thinking. Realism. Being grounded.

I don't know why, but thinking about my own thinking helps me feel less overwhelmed. If I feel like something is insurmountable and impossible, and then consciously take a moment to step back from the problem, it often seems less drastic. I often recognize myself hyperbolizing a situation: oh my God if I don't get a 92 or above on this exam my whole life is over and I'll be homeless and miserable forever. And 99.99% of the time this is just my own mind giving my anxieties life. But When I step back and recognize that I am essentially freaking out over something that will be nothing to me in five years, I tend to calm slightly. By thinking about my thinking, I can correct patterns that concern me, and encourage patterns that tend to lead towards my happiness.

sophievicedomine

Posts: 52

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 11:02 am

Thu Sep 24, 2020 2:21 pm

I remember when I took a few previous courses with Sanjiv, and the dichotomies were really where I began to understand how we create knowing through our words. Knowledge is what is communicated through text, but knowing is how we process and internalize that knowledge into wisdom. It is easy to spit out facts and statistics, that is knowledge. But when you take in the information and can put it into your own words, draw your own conclusions, and facilitate your own opinion, that is when we become intelligent in a way that is applicable in everyday life. Connecting words through dichotomies is a really good exercise for me when I want to expand my knowing of a word or concept. Connecting two unlike things can be difficult, and it helps me to have a tab to dictionary.com open and at the ready.

sophievicedomine

Posts: 52

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 11:02 am

Tue Nov 24, 2020 7:11 pm

Apperception letter reflection

Apperception is how I view the fishbowl. Apperception is defined as "the mental process by which a person makes sense of an idea by assimilating it to the body of ideas he or she already possesses" on Google.com, which means next to nothing to me on the first read. It is erroneous and abstract, not a concrete noun or adjective easily thrown around in text.

In the fishbowl, Sanjiv always asks us to take a step outside of our perceptions of our reality and to view our situation, ourselves, and our words, from a more global or universal point of view. This is extremely hard to do. Even though we can see the writings of our peers and live through their felt experiences, we are at the end of the day, alone in our own realities. By logging our thoughts, our learning, and our knowledge in the fishbowl, it can help to create a platform from which to view your life from an outside perspective. All of our collective texts laid bare before us make the human experience slightly less daunting, and slightly more enchanting.

So in sum, apperception is what we are trying to create in the fishbowl. A platform is just a tool that we use to help us step outside of ourselves, and look at a grander picture.

I feel most apperceptive when I am alone strangely enough. Being with others is wonderful, but it clouds my mind and brings me more into my own world view. When I am alone and I consider ideas presented to me by others, I can actually process those ideas and make my own sense of them. I like to do this at Narragansett beach or even on my daily drives to work. Though it sometimes leaves me uncomfortable, apperception always leaves me with a better knowledge of others, and more importantly of my place in the world next to others.

sophievicedomine

Posts: 52

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 11:02 am

Tue Nov 24, 2020 7:37 pm

If Sanjiv is our "top-dog" or "prima-ballerina" in the fishbowl, I surely have been part of the corps de ballet for most of my time in his classes. I am onstage (metaphor) and participating in the steps by reading the letters and forming my own thoughts. Perhaps when we respond to letters or expand our word pools or document our experiences through text, we take three steps forward on the stage, and the spotlight finds us (metaphor (obviously)). From this harsh light, I have shirked, cowered, dodged, and downplayed my performance on our fishbowl-of-a-stage, trying in vain to avoid notice.

I usually prefer to fly under the proverbial radar, especially in online classes. I find that although I am outspoken in person, it is often difficult for me to express myself through text when I am unsure of what is expected of me. To put this sentiment into the context of my current metaphor: I kept on feeling like if I were in the spotlight, I would forget the steps and run off stage in embarrassment and anguish. But am I even really performing if no one can see me?

If I step outside of my apprehension, my fear that words will abandon me, and just start writing, the text flows out of me like I knew what I wanted to say all along. And then I feel like I am dancing through an assignment, articulating thoughts like motions in a piece I've known for years.

The fishbowl is a stage, to pretend it is not would be to discredit its core purpose. When I view it through that lens, my normal patterns start to change, and I become more willing to speak out, and even excited for my time in the spotlight (which in this metaphor I guess translates to posting in the fishbowl). Even though Sanjiv is our star, each student contributes (or doesn't) to the performance, and has a chance to leave their mark on the audience (our peers).

sophievicedomine

Posts: 52

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 11:02 am

 Wed Nov 25, 2020 4:47 pm

This letter came as somewhat of a comfort to me as I am almost never sure what I am doing in the fishbowl. Perhaps I am too aware of being watched to truly just write out my personal felt experiences, but that is part of the challenge is it not?

Being bold is a virtue, though it is often not treated as such. But if David had not called out that he could defeat Goliath, his whole town may have met an unfortunate end. I am seizing my own destiny, becoming my own David, and using my words like a slingshot.

I carefully carve out the wood that will make the handle and select a rock to fit into my new weapon. (I curate word pools for myself, and decide on what I truly want to express in my writings.) To open my mouth and assert that it is I, and no one else who can defeat the giant threatening my home, feels like opening the sky, and I feel my nerves rattle and shake my heart. (Opening my computer is the modern equivalent of opening one's mouth to call out to a crowd is it not?) With shaking hands I take the field and observe the giant; towering, imposing, and daunting he stands before me in the form of a blank page. But I have come prepared. Words in hand I load sentence after sentence into my slingshot and create meaning. I forge my own truths and my own reality through shaking fingers, and before I know it, the page is no longer blank but flooded with my thoughts become reality. The giant of my own expectations for myself falls to his knees, and is not dead, but rather temporarily sedated by the might of my conviction, of my own belief in my self. He will rise again when Sanjiv sends another letter for us to respond to. I remember how the bolt of terror struck through me, and also remember how one stone (words/metaphors) and one slingshot (my thoughts and ideas) brought down a mountain of a challenge.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/25/2020 23:20:47
Subject: it's about conscious creation
------------------------------------------------------------
Happy Thanksgiving! 

And she said...

“Don’t crumple my letter,

Read it through, my friend, to the end.

I’ve had enough of being unknown,

The strange one on your path.”

(Anna Akhmatova)

from the fishbowl...

sophievicedomine

Posts: 52

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 11:02 am

 Fri Sep 11, 2020 12:57 pm

letter #1

I have taken two of Sanjiv's classes before and I believe it took me all of those combined months to fully understand what we were trying to get at when we were creating the fishbowl. His class is a conversation, not a lecture. It is more than anything, a process.

I kept on looking for some end product, some rubric that would tell me how to get an A, what was due, and what he wanted me to say so I could pass the class. Little did I know that was the opposite of the point.

The point is not to regurgitate information back to him, but rather to DEVELOPE and CULTIVATE our own methods of expression and communication. All of the little vocab words and google searches were not busy work, but weapons put into our hands. I remember a saying that asked if the pen or the sword was more powerful. I think Sanjiv would say that a pen is both a tool to build and a weapon of destruction if need be. WORDS ARE POWER.

Perhaps as a native English speaker, I have taken it a bit for granted how easy it is for me to express myself, but whenever I enter a foreign language class I realize just how vital our vocabularies are. If you can hold an audience's attention during a story or anecdote, you have the power to implant ideas or impressions in their minds that will stay long after you finish speaking.

I know sometimes it can be confusing because we aren't always sure of our professors' expectations. But after two previous semsters with Sanjiv, I think I can say that his only expectations are that we try and that we grow. And really, it is impossible not to grow if you read the letters and reflect on them. It can even be slightly therapeutic, as all self-reflection can be. Ok, that's all for now, in the coming week my personal goal with this class is to share my experience, and to really dive deep into the structures of the letters.

sophievicedomine

Posts: 52

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 11:02 am

Mon Sep 14, 2020 1:27 pm

letter: the third eye: taking words further

Making Sense/ Producing Sense/ Being Sensible

Making sense - discerning meaning. Organizing thoughts and facts into your own words. Arriving at a conclusion that was embedded in the information.

Producing sense - creating meaning where there previously was none. When I produce sense, I arrive at a conclusion that was not already there.

Being sensible - listening to others, following a logical and occasionally methodical method of thinking. Realism. Being grounded.

I don't know why, but thinking about my own thinking helps me feel less overwhelmed. If I feel like something is insurmountable and impossible, and then consciously take a moment to step back from the problem, it often seems less drastic. I often recognize myself hyperbolizing a situation: oh my God if I don't get a 92 or above on this exam my whole life is over and I'll be homeless and miserable forever. And 99.99% of the time this is just my own mind giving my anxieties life. But When I step back and recognize that I am essentially freaking out over something that will be nothing to me in five years, I tend to calm slightly. By thinking about my thinking, I can correct patterns that concern me, and encourage patterns that tend to lead towards my happiness.

sophievicedomine

Posts: 52

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 11:02 am

Thu Sep 24, 2020 2:21 pm

I remember when I took a few previous courses with Sanjiv, and the dichotomies were really where I began to understand how we create knowing through our words. Knowledge is what is communicated through text, but knowing is how we process and internalize that knowledge into wisdom. It is easy to spit out facts and statistics, that is knowledge. But when you take in the information and can put it into your own words, draw your own conclusions, and facilitate your own opinion, that is when we become intelligent in a way that is applicable in everyday life. Connecting words through dichotomies is a really good exercise for me when I want to expand my knowing of a word or concept. Connecting two unlike things can be difficult, and it helps me to have a tab to dictionary.com open and at the ready.

sophievicedomine

Posts: 52

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 11:02 am

Tue Nov 24, 2020 7:11 pm

Apperception letter reflection

Apperception is how I view the fishbowl. Apperception is defined as "the mental process by which a person makes sense of an idea by assimilating it to the body of ideas he or she already possesses" on Google.com, which means next to nothing to me on the first read. It is erroneous and abstract, not a concrete noun or adjective easily thrown around in text.

In the fishbowl, Sanjiv always asks us to take a step outside of our perceptions of our reality and to view our situation, ourselves, and our words, from a more global or universal point of view. This is extremely hard to do. Even though we can see the writings of our peers and live through their felt experiences, we are at the end of the day, alone in our own realities. By logging our thoughts, our learning, and our knowledge in the fishbowl, it can help to create a platform from which to view your life from an outside perspective. All of our collective texts laid bare before us make the human experience slightly less daunting, and slightly more enchanting.

So in sum, apperception is what we are trying to create in the fishbowl. A platform is just a tool that we use to help us step outside of ourselves, and look at a grander picture.

I feel most apperceptive when I am alone strangely enough. Being with others is wonderful, but it clouds my mind and brings me more into my own world view. When I am alone and I consider ideas presented to me by others, I can actually process those ideas and make my own sense of them. I like to do this at Narragansett beach or even on my daily drives to work. Though it sometimes leaves me uncomfortable, apperception always leaves me with a better knowledge of others, and more importantly of my place in the world next to others.

sophievicedomine

Posts: 52

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 11:02 am

Tue Nov 24, 2020 7:37 pm

If Sanjiv is our "top-dog" or "prima-ballerina" in the fishbowl, I surely have been part of the corps de ballet for most of my time in his classes. I am onstage (metaphor) and participating in the steps by reading the letters and forming my own thoughts. Perhaps when we respond to letters or expand our word pools or document our experiences through text, we take three steps forward on the stage, and the spotlight finds us (metaphor (obviously)). From this harsh light, I have shirked, cowered, dodged, and downplayed my performance on our fishbowl-of-a-stage, trying in vain to avoid notice.

I usually prefer to fly under the proverbial radar, especially in online classes. I find that although I am outspoken in person, it is often difficult for me to express myself through text when I am unsure of what is expected of me. To put this sentiment into the context of my current metaphor: I kept on feeling like if I were in the spotlight, I would forget the steps and run off stage in embarrassment and anguish. But am I even really performing if no one can see me?

If I step outside of my apprehension, my fear that words will abandon me, and just start writing, the text flows out of me like I knew what I wanted to say all along. And then I feel like I am dancing through an assignment, articulating thoughts like motions in a piece I've known for years.

The fishbowl is a stage, to pretend it is not would be to discredit its core purpose. When I view it through that lens, my normal patterns start to change, and I become more willing to speak out, and even excited for my time in the spotlight (which in this metaphor I guess translates to posting in the fishbowl). Even though Sanjiv is our star, each student contributes (or doesn't) to the performance, and has a chance to leave their mark on the audience (our peers).

sophievicedomine

Posts: 52

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 11:02 am

 Wed Nov 25, 2020 4:47 pm

This letter came as somewhat of a comfort to me as I am almost never sure what I am doing in the fishbowl. Perhaps I am too aware of being watched to truly just write out my personal felt experiences, but that is part of the challenge is it not?

Being bold is a virtue, though it is often not treated as such. But if David had not called out that he could defeat Goliath, his whole town may have met an unfortunate end. I am seizing my own destiny, becoming my own David, and using my words like a slingshot.

I carefully carve out the wood that will make the handle and select a rock to fit into my new weapon. (I curate word pools for myself, and decide on what I truly want to express in my writings.) To open my mouth and assert that it is I, and no one else who can defeat the giant threatening my home, feels like opening the sky, and I feel my nerves rattle and shake my heart. (Opening my computer is the modern equivalent of opening one's mouth to call out to a crowd is it not?) With shaking hands I take the field and observe the giant; towering, imposing, and daunting he stands before me in the form of a blank page. But I have come prepared. Words in hand I load sentence after sentence into my slingshot and create meaning. I forge my own truths and my own reality through shaking fingers, and before I know it, the page is no longer blank but flooded with my thoughts become reality. The giant of my own expectations for myself falls to his knees, and is not dead, but rather temporarily sedated by the might of my conviction, of my own belief in my self. He will rise again when Sanjiv sends another letter for us to respond to. I remember how the bolt of terror struck through me, and also remember how one stone (words/metaphors) and one slingshot (my thoughts and ideas) brought down a mountain of a challenge.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/25/2020 18:16:02
Subject: Happy Thanksgiving and a safe break
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

The pandemic taught me that I cannot expect other people to create meaning, like a metaphor, for me. I cannot wait for someone else to define my life; impose their metaphor upon me, like actor/audience. I must make meaning by forging it with my hands. It requires sweat and commitment. Working toward the creation of meaning is the point. It is action that forges the meaning and significance of a post.

Action that forges? What do you mean?

To achieve your possible goals, you must be bold enough to speculate, postulate and imagine on the basis of partial knowledge. At the same time, you must remain open to the very strong possibility that in fact you are way off the mark. The one thing we cannot afford is inaction due to despair or indifference.

In order to engage in effective action, you must first find something that you value (your choice of word) and put it at the center. This action will engender other values (words) and beliefs. Please see Chris Goglia’s posting below as an example. Through this engagement with words, things happen. Movement is all. Keep moving and yet slow down simultaneously. In Latin this is known as festina lente, “make haste slowly.” Within this DIALECTIC, you will find a special freedom and the space and time to explore complexities. It does not cost you anything. It can cost your organization millions, no billions of dollars.

Principles and Steps that you are following in your fishbowl...

Principle:

1. Learning is movement. 

2. All movement is change. 

3. All change is creation.

Step: Acknowledge yourself as the creator of all that you wish to recreate.

Principle: No creation nor the creator is bad.

Step: Finish your unfinished business in the fishbowl.

Principle: Conscious choice creates new consciousness. New consciousness creates new experience.

Step: Decide what is true for you now.

I wish you a happy thanksgiving and, a safe break from it all.

Sanjiv

SPECULATE, POSTULATE, IMAGINE

from the fishbowl..

chrisgoglia

Posts: 70

Joined: Tue Sep 08, 2020 7:53 am

Tue Nov 24, 2020 8:48 pm

Life is a play...

If life is a play, is it quantifiable in parts? I would certainly like to try?

If we say that a play is

Introduction

Rise

Climax

Fall

End (instead of catastrophe)

The introduction: The beginning of a new life. The bright eyed and bushy tailed toddle looking to take on absolutely everything the world has to offer. Nothing can stop him (while he/she is nurtured by their parents). I like to believe these are the preteen / early teen years when understandings, character, and knowledge is being built .

The Rise: The college/ early post grad years. The character is figuring themselves out and what they want to do with this life/ stage time they've been given. Knowledge continues to accumulate, character develops, and exploration continues.

The climax: Usually I feel the climax is dramatic an often quick, but I don't often watch plays. The climax for me is the 30's-50's. At this time or character is uniquely themselves. Maybe they have kids, get married, or are becoming wealthy from the job they now have settles in to. This is a meaningful part of the character's life and gives them a huge sense of MEANING.

The Fall: This is the time after the climax. Kids off to college, considering retirement, and finding new things about one's self they may not have known. This is where life seems to slow down and routine is built. The character can have more freedom to do as they please and find new things that they enjoy; a new hobby for example:

The End: The end is pretty self explanatory, but I can only hope our character enjoyed their stage time. I hope every character finds their purpose and fulfills themselves in the time they are given before the curtains close. Hopefully they please their audience and are well liked throughout the community. Hopefully they don't have tomatoes thrown at the stage.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/25/2020 18:09:51
Subject: Happy Thanksgiving and a safe break
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

The pandemic taught me that I cannot expect other people to create meaning, like a metaphor, for me. I cannot wait for someone else to define my life; impose their metaphor upon me, like actor/audience. I must make meaning by forging it with my hands. It requires sweat and commitment. Working toward the creation of meaning is the point. It is action that forges the meaning and significance of a post.

Action that forges? What do you mean?

To achieve your possible goals, you must be bold enough to speculate, postulate and imagine on the basis of partial knowledge. At the same time, you must remain open to the very strong possibility that in fact you are way off the mark. The one thing we cannot afford is inaction due to despair or indifference.

In order to engage in effective action, you must first find something that you value (your choice of word) and put it at the center. This action will engender other values (words) and beliefs. Please see Chris Goglia’s posting below as an example. Through this engagement with words, things happen. Movement is all. Keep moving and yet slow down simultaneously. In Latin this is known as festina lente, “make haste slowly.” Within this DIALECTIC, you will find a special freedom and the space and time to explore complexities. It does not cost you anything. It can cost your organization millions, no billions of dollars.

Principles and Steps that you are following in your fishbowl...

Principle:

1. Learning is movement. 

2. All movement is change. 

3. All change is creation.

Step: Acknowledge yourself as the creator of all that you wish to recreate.

Principle: No creation nor the creator is bad.

Step: Finish your unfinished business in the fishbowl.

Principle: Conscious choice creates new consciousness. New consciousness creates new experience.

Step: Decide what is true for you now.

I wish you a happy thanksgiving and, a safe break from it all.

Sanjiv

SPECULATE, POSTULATE, IMAGINE

from the fishbowl..

chrisgoglia

Posts: 70

Joined: Tue Sep 08, 2020 7:53 am

Tue Nov 24, 2020 8:48 pm

Life is a play...

If life is a play, is it quantifiable in parts? I would certainly like to try?

If we say that a play is

Introduction

Rise

Climax

Fall

End (instead of catastrophe)

The introduction: The beginning of a new life. The bright eyed and bushy tailed toddle looking to take on absolutely everything the world has to offer. Nothing can stop him (while he/she is nurtured by their parents). I like to believe these are the preteen / early teen years when understandings, character, and knowledge is being built .

The Rise: The college/ early post grad years. The character is figuring themselves out and what they want to do with this life/ stage time they've been given. Knowledge continues to accumulate, character develops, and exploration continues.

The climax: Usually I feel the climax is dramatic an often quick, but I don't often watch plays. The climax for me is the 30's-50's. At this time or character is uniquely themselves. Maybe they have kids, get married, or are becoming wealthy from the job they now have settles in to. This is a meaningful part of the character's life and gives them a huge sense of MEANING.

The Fall: This is the time after the climax. Kids off to college, considering retirement, and finding new things about one's self they may not have known. This is where life seems to slow down and routine is built. The character can have more freedom to do as they please and find new things that they enjoy; a new hobby for example:

The End: The end is pretty self explanatory, but I can only hope our character enjoyed their stage time. I hope every character finds their purpose and fulfills themselves in the time they are given before the curtains close. Hopefully they please their audience and are well liked throughout the community. Hopefully they don't have tomatoes thrown at the stage.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/24/2020 13:00:58
Subject: participatory research
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are making sensible decisions during the holidays. 

We are being asked to trust each other's better judgement under vexatious conditions.

I.

Better safe than sorry (image). To err on the side of caution (image).

1. Dimension: sensible decision/vexatious condition.

See these words as symbols that are sliding on a plane, a surface, a range, a dimension.

2. Dichotomies: Sensible/Decision, Vexatious/Condition

See these words as symbols that are interacting, interfacing, interrelating.

3. We need word-pools (metaphor) for the elements (words) that we have above.

See word-pools as context, boundaries, limits, spreads, spaces, images...that we impose upon ourselves. They are the imprint.

4. We re-structure our thoughts and our ideas and our words and our symbols and images. Metaphorical images can provide powerful tools for helping people took at themselves and their situations in new ways.

One thing is clear: old boundaries and categories, old frames and frameworks no longer apply. Nevertheless, it is the awareness and ability to identify and respect tradition that is at the heart of success in the 'business of ideas', and the whole shebang in 345 and 448. 

What does this mean for us? Keep It Simple, please! 

We are students of business. We are practical, pragmatic and performative

II.

In the situation of a pandemic, we perforce turn inwards (image) and embark on a journey (image) without goal or destination (image), only outcome and experience (images again). We carry inner resources comprising of things like imagination, metaphor, image, symbol, words, perceptions. 

Our intention throughout is to disrupt normal ways of seeing, so that we can ask constructive questions about what we are seeing and what we should do. I find the use of metaphor particularly powerful in this activity, because it creates distance and space from conventional ways of thinking: space in which people can feel free to think and act creatively.

Our Abstract is performative writing. We did it and said it at the same time.

Each and everyone of you has been fantastic. You did it. Think about that. Congratulations!

How so?

We changed the metaphor (word-image) of teacher/student into one of actor/audience.

The environment, the circumstance, the situation, the context, the horizon demanded it.

What did it take to do? To change the metaphor?

Metaphor works by playing on a pattern of similarity and difference. Sanjiv is Top Dawg or the Fishbowl is Theatre. We are seeking to evoke similarities while downplaying the differences. It involves the generation of a “constructive image” that helps to break the bounds of normal discourse. This plays a crucial role in creating space for change.

Using metaphor as a tool for change requires us to find and create meaning. Metaphors invite a conversational style where meaning and significance emerge through dialogue; resonant meaning cannot be imposed, it has to be evoked. We were in process all along.

Because of the conference deadline, we had to find the similarities between fishbowl and theatre, to find the relevance of theatre, to find the precise way in which the image of theatre can create relevant insights.

Sanjiv

ps; all these words above, these terms, have to be seen in their nuances and shades of meaning. So please open your dictionaries, if you haven’t already done so. It is in the grey area that meaning is found.

from the fishbowl...

aprilyounkin

Posts: 139

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 8:40 pm

Sat Nov 21, 2020 10:18 pm

“Why the metaphor of theatre? Why actor/audience? Why not a catwalk, or a garden, or a kitchen, or an organic farm?”

I think that the Abstract came together nicely. I think that the metaphor of a theater is an appropriate representation of what we are doing in The Fishbowl. However, the questions posed above make me think deeper though.

- What if we chose a different metaphor to associate with?

- What new images would arise from a different theme?

- Would a different metaphor change the meaning of the Abstract?

- Can any metaphor be appropriately applied to The Fishbowl?

kelsiepoplawski

Posts: 205

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 11:45 am

Mon Nov 23, 2020 10:07 pm

Email: About the ABSTRACT 11/21/20

“The world is a stage and we are merely players.”

The world is our stage. We control what we put into this world and what we get out of it. Our actions everyday are a reflection of the person we are and the person we are becoming. We are the eyes and the ears of our story and others stories around us. Who do you want to be? Who do you want to become? What do you want your life to look life? We are the drivers of our story, we control the gears and the shifts of motions with out thoughts, actions, intuitions, perspectives, insights and experiences. The fishbowl is just one small part of our story, where we are seeing insight from other actors stories. We lean on each other, we learn and grow from each others thoughts and insights.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/24/2020 13:00:15
Subject: participatory research
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are making sensible decisions during the holidays. 

We are being asked to trust each other's better judgement under vexatious conditions.

I.

Better safe than sorry (image). To err on the side of caution (image).

1. Dimension: sensible decision/vexatious condition.

See these words as symbols that are sliding on a plane, a surface, a range, a dimension.

2. Dichotomies: Sensible/Decision, Vexatious/Condition

See these words as symbols that are interacting, interfacing, interrelating.

3. We need word-pools (metaphor) for the elements (words) that we have above.

See word-pools as context, boundaries, limits, spreads, spaces, images...that we impose upon ourselves. They are the imprint.

4. We re-structure our thoughts and our ideas and our words and our symbols and images. Metaphorical images can provide powerful tools for helping people took at themselves and their situations in new ways.

One thing is clear: old boundaries and categories, old frames and frameworks no longer apply. Nevertheless, it is the awareness and ability to identify and respect tradition that is at the heart of success in the 'business of ideas', and the whole shebang in 345 and 448. 

What does this mean for us? Keep It Simple, please! 

We are students of business. We are practical, pragmatic and performative

II.

In the situation of a pandemic, we perforce turn inwards (image) and embark on a journey (image) without goal or destination (image), only outcome and experience (images again). We carry inner resources comprising of things like imagination, metaphor, image, symbol, words, perceptions. 

Our intention throughout is to disrupt normal ways of seeing, so that we can ask constructive questions about what we are seeing and what we should do. I find the use of metaphor particularly powerful in this activity, because it creates distance and space from conventional ways of thinking: space in which people can feel free to think and act creatively.

Our Abstract is performative writing. We did it and said it at the same time.

Each and everyone of you has been fantastic. You did it. Think about that. Congratulations!

How so?

We changed the metaphor (word-image) of teacher/student into one of actor/audience.

The environment, the circumstance, the situation, the context, the horizon demanded it.

What did it take to do? To change the metaphor?

Metaphor works by playing on a pattern of similarity and difference. Sanjiv is Top Dawg or the Fishbowl is Theatre. We are seeking to evoke similarities while downplaying the differences. It involves the generation of a “constructive image” that helps to break the bounds of normal discourse. This plays a crucial role in creating space for change.

Using metaphor as a tool for change requires us to find and create meaning. Metaphors invite a conversational style where meaning and significance emerge through dialogue; resonant meaning cannot be imposed, it has to be evoked. We were in process all along.

Because of the conference deadline, we had to find the similarities between fishbowl and theatre, to find the relevance of theatre, to find the precise way in which the image of theatre can create relevant insights.

Sanjiv

ps; all these words above, these terms, have to be seen in their nuances and shades of meaning. So please open your dictionaries, if you haven’t already done so. It is in the grey area that meaning is found.

from the fishbowl...

aprilyounkin

Posts: 139

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 8:40 pm

Sat Nov 21, 2020 10:18 pm

“Why the metaphor of theatre? Why actor/audience? Why not a catwalk, or a garden, or a kitchen, or an organic farm?”

I think that the Abstract came together nicely. I think that the metaphor of a theater is an appropriate representation of what we are doing in The Fishbowl. However, the questions posed above make me think deeper though.

- What if we chose a different metaphor to associate with?

- What new images would arise from a different theme?

- Would a different metaphor change the meaning of the Abstract?

- Can any metaphor be appropriately applied to The Fishbowl?

kelsiepoplawski

Posts: 205

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 11:45 am

Mon Nov 23, 2020 10:07 pm

Email: About the ABSTRACT 11/21/20

“The world is a stage and we are merely players.”

The world is our stage. We control what we put into this world and what we get out of it. Our actions everyday are a reflection of the person we are and the person we are becoming. We are the eyes and the ears of our story and others stories around us. Who do you want to be? Who do you want to become? What do you want your life to look life? We are the drivers of our story, we control the gears and the shifts of motions with out thoughts, actions, intuitions, perspectives, insights and experiences. The fishbowl is just one small part of our story, where we are seeing insight from other actors stories. We lean on each other, we learn and grow from each others thoughts and insights.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/21/2020 23:10:22
Subject: about the abstract
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

The fishbowl exists in the moment of interconnection between ‘reading' and 'writing,' and this reading/writing interconnection makes the reality of our fishbowl a living text. 

If one thinks about it, the language, images, ideas and actions through which we respond in the fishbowl, parallels how we use words to fix and communicate meaning. 

As readers of each others text, we interpreted and created our own meaning; in effect we added our own authoring to the text.

I congratulate you. We’ve come a long way.

How so? 

You’ve begun authoring the text by interpreting what you read in your own voice.

In this way, the whole of life can be seen as a living "real time" process of simultaneous reading and writing, producing evolving and diverse patterns of meaning.

To create one's own meaning in an uncertain world.

How does one do that?

How do we interpret a text and create meaning is the question we're faced with every moment in our fishbowls.

Please see Alyssa Botelho’s posting below.

About the abstract. 

What did we create and why and how and when and where and for whom?

These questions have to be addressed.

First and foremost, I PARTICIPATED and OBSERVED the text and images being generated in the fishbowl... 

What is the reading/writing going on? What is their interconnection in the fishbowl? 

I faced the challenge of interpretation.

Interpretation is an act of courage because it creates categories, boxes, concepts, and labels which affects people’s lives.

From a DISTANCE, you gain PERSPECTIVE. 

I ‘saw' the fishbowl as theatre.

It was a moment of inspiration coming from something she said.

“The world is a stage and we are merely players.”

The fishbowl is show business.

The word-image, Theatre, is used as a metaphor 'to make' an interpretation of the chaos and mayhem we perceive, aka, the fishbowl.

The metaphor of theatre is an individual choice. 

You can be anything you want to be. Desire is essential.

After this inspiration, the re-search of the word ‘theatre' began in EARNEST. 

The wider the word-pool the greater the OPPORTUNITY. 

I must produce (MAKE) opportunities at this stage (pun).

Doing so by generating text: dichotomies, dimensions, perspectives, insights, word-categories, structures, and felt experiences. 

To generate text is to create spaces.

Our fishbowl is ’social space’ (please google). 

It is not a place. 

In the theatre of the fishbowl, we are actors and audience; producer and consumer; buyer and seller; competitor and collaborator; teacher and student; teller and told, both at the same time. 

Old dichotomies and ways of thinking no longer apply. 

In such a landscape (metaphor), we are learning to create dichotomies and perceptual categories ANEW, as we ENTER the unknown, fueled by INSIGHT, INTUITION AND IMPULSE. Always on ALERT, like a sniper (metaphor).

We are actors playing roles, and 

we are the audience watching, and 

self-reflecting, 

we’re eyes looking at eyes...

There were 45 actors among us, who for any given situation in the fishbowl, made possible to generate multiple authentic readings and story lines. 

The abstract gives them due authorship and show of gratitude. They are celebrated for their efforts. 

The remaining of us chose to play the audience for the time being. 

Together, actor/audience, we are an entity that participated and put forth our best shoe forward for the INTED20 conference.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 173

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Sat Nov 21, 2020 12:14 am

“Suddenly technology has given us powers with which we can manipulate not only external reality---the physical world--- but also, and much more portentously, ourselves. You can become whatever you want to be,” (Ed Regis)

TECHNOLOGY: the practical application of knowledge especially in a particular area

POWER: ability to act or produce an effect

MANIPULATE: to manage or utilize skillfully

PORTENTOUSLY: self-consciously solemn or important

The practical application of knowledge has given us new abilities to manage our worlds and even more importantly, ourselves. We can develop into anything we imagine.

I have always been a "dreamer". Growing up, my dad always said that I could achieve anything I set my mind to. I took that to heart and when I found my passion for filmmaking, I chased it unrelentingly. Even though it may seem impossible and impractical to want to become a successful filmmaker, I know that I am in charge of my own destiny. Technology has already brought me so many incredible opportunities that my ancestors have not had. Especially as a woman pursuing a career in a male-dominated field, I recognize and deeply appreciate these new technological resources that I have to leverage my goal of breaking the glass ceiling!

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/21/2020 23:07:35
Subject: about the abstract
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

The fishbowl exists in the moment of interconnection between ‘reading' and 'writing,' and this reading/writing interconnection makes the reality of our fishbowl a living text. 

If one thinks about it, the language, images, ideas and actions through which we respond in the fishbowl, parallels how we use words to fix and communicate meaning. 

As readers of each others text, we interpreted and created our own meaning; in effect we added our own authoring to the text.

I congratulate you. We’ve come a long way.

How so? 

You’ve begun authoring the text by interpreting what you read in your own voice.

In this way, the whole of life can be seen as a living "real time" process of simultaneous reading and writing, producing evolving and diverse patterns of meaning.

To create one's own meaning in an uncertain world.

How does one do that?

How do we interpret a text and create meaning is the question we're faced with every moment in our fishbowls.

Please see Alyssa Botelho’s posting below.

About the abstract. 

What did we create and why and how and when and where and for whom?

These questions have to be addressed.

First and foremost, I PARTICIPATED and OBSERVED the text and images being generated in the fishbowl... 

What is the reading/writing going on? What is their interconnection in the fishbowl? 

I faced the challenge of interpretation.

Interpretation is an act of courage because it creates categories, boxes, concepts, and labels which affects people’s lives.

From a DISTANCE, you gain PERSPECTIVE. 

I ‘saw' the fishbowl as theatre.

It was a moment of inspiration coming from something she said.

“The world is a stage and we are merely players.”

The fishbowl is show business.

The word-image, Theatre, is used as a metaphor 'to make' an interpretation of the chaos and mayhem we perceive, aka, the fishbowl.

The metaphor of theatre is an individual choice. 

You can be anything you want to be. Desire is essential.

After this inspiration, the re-search of the word ‘theatre' began in EARNEST. 

The wider the word-pool the greater the OPPORTUNITY. 

I must produce (MAKE) opportunities at this stage (pun).

Doing so by generating text: dichotomies, dimensions, perspectives, insights, word-categories, structures, and felt experiences. 

To generate text is to create spaces.

Our fishbowl is ’social space’ (please google). 

It is not a place. 

In the theatre of the fishbowl, we are actors and audience; producer and consumer; buyer and seller; competitor and collaborator; teacher and student; teller and told, both at the same time. 

Old dichotomies and ways of thinking no longer apply. 

In such a landscape (metaphor), we are learning to create dichotomies and perceptual categories ANEW, as we ENTER the unknown, fueled by INSIGHT, INTUITION AND IMPULSE. Always on ALERT, like a sniper (metaphor).

We are actors playing roles, and 

we are the audience watching, and 

self-reflecting, 

we’re eyes looking at eyes...

There were 45 actors among us, who for any given situation in the fishbowl, made possible to generate multiple authentic readings and story lines. 

The abstract gives them due authorship and show of gratitude. They are celebrated for their efforts. 

The remaining of us chose to play the audience for the time being. 

Together, actor/audience, we are an entity that participated and put forth our best shoe forward for the INTED20 conference.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 173

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Sat Nov 21, 2020 12:14 am

“Suddenly technology has given us powers with which we can manipulate not only external reality---the physical world--- but also, and much more portentously, ourselves. You can become whatever you want to be,” (Ed Regis)

TECHNOLOGY: the practical application of knowledge especially in a particular area

POWER: ability to act or produce an effect

MANIPULATE: to manage or utilize skillfully

PORTENTOUSLY: self-consciously solemn or important

The practical application of knowledge has given us new abilities to manage our worlds and even more importantly, ourselves. We can develop into anything we imagine.

I have always been a "dreamer". Growing up, my dad always said that I could achieve anything I set my mind to. I took that to heart and when I found my passion for filmmaking, I chased it unrelentingly. Even though it may seem impossible and impractical to want to become a successful filmmaker, I know that I am in charge of my own destiny. Technology has already brought me so many incredible opportunities that my ancestors have not had. Especially as a woman pursuing a career in a male-dominated field, I recognize and deeply appreciate these new technological resources that I have to leverage my goal of breaking the glass ceiling!

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/19/2020 20:19:29
Subject: why the metaphor of theatre?
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I am immersed in the fishbowl. Sorting out actors/spectators, for this moment. 

The Abstract below has been reduced to 3500 words. It furthered understanding. 

I have uploaded the abstract, but I have to fill out the names of the actors (authors).

I am reading your text, and as you can imagine, it is an emotional journey inwards.

I have until midnight, I believe, after which we turn into a pumpkin (metaphor).

Why the metaphor of theatre? Why actor/audience? 

Why not a catwalk, or a garden, or a kitchen, or an organic farm?

Because, in the digital domain, we can be anything we want. 

“Suddenly technology has given us powers with which we can manipulate not only external reality---the physical world--- but also, and much more portentously, ourselves. You can become whatever you want to be,” (Ed Regis)

Please see Alyssa Botelho’s reflections below... 

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 172

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Thu Nov 19, 2020 12:05 pm

ERVING GOFFMAN

"Choose your self-presentations carefully, for what starts out as a mask may become your face."

How we choose to present ourselves, even if it is different than our true selves, may eventually define who we are. In The Fishbowl, I chose to present myself in a way that is consistent with how I have presented myself in my other business classes since I entered URI. My self-presentation has been a confident, detail-oriented student who has an affinity for the arts. Most of these "masks" were already part of my "face", except for the presentation of confidence. I have always struggled with confidence, but when I came to URI I decided to "fake it till I make it" and that's what has happened. My self-presentation of confidence started out as a mask and it has become my face.

MEISNER TECHNIQUE

"Sanford Meisner said that his approach to training 'is based on bringing the actor back to his emotional impulses and to acting that is firmly rooted in the instinctive. It is based on the fact that all good acting comes from the heart, as it were, and that there’s no mentality to it.'"

In The Fishbowl, my most valuable writings are the ones where I did not overthink. It took about a month for me to get to this point where I was writing instinctually. There is much more truth in the writings where I did not overanalyze and cover up what I really wanted to say- my soul is laid bare there.

JERZY GROTOWSKY

"It is true that the actor accomplishes this act, but he can only do so through an encounter with the spectator - intimately, visibly, not hiding behind a cameraman, wardrobe mistress, stage designer or make-up girl - in direct confrontation with him, and somehow 'instead of' him."

Our mission in The Fishbowl has only been accomplished in the moments where actors are directly encountering spectators. That is, writers are directly engaging with readers. When I have been honest in expressing my thoughts and feelings, I have engaged in the work that allows spectators to directly interact with me.

REFLEXIVE LEADERSHIP

"Reflexive leadership is based on the increasing awareness of the value of self-reflection in practice – whether it be as a therapist, student or business person."

Self-reflection is a key component in the process of writing in The Fishbowl. It is only through reflecting on one's own actions, thoughts, and emotions that one knows what to write. With the intensity and frequency that I want to write responses to Sanjiv's letters, I have engaged in much self-reflection and have realized the great value in it as it has uncovered my true self.

ACTOR AND AUDIENCE: THEATRE AS METAPHOR FOR ASYNCHRONOUS ONLINE PEDAGOGY

“Followers and leaders are bound together in the transformation process, which I think helps describe pretty well what is happening here. We should all strive to be transformational leaders.” (Olivia Palumbo, Fishbowl, 2020)

I. Introduction

During the pandemic, across two semesters and a summer, in an asynchronous digital environment, the authors (business students at the University of Rhode Island) are generating text by creating new metaphors and word structures in acts of ‘reflexive leadership’ (1). They are evoking images (scenes and scenarios) in a never-ending play in which they themselves are the actors. Erving Goffman (2) first presented this idea that a person is like an actor on a stage who uses “impression management” to present the Self to others as the actor hopes to be perceived. In other words, according to Goffman, “the self is a sense of who one is, a dramatic effect emerging from the immediate scene being presented.” By using Goffman’s metaphor of theatre, the authors understood that elements of human interaction are dependent upon time, place and audience; the same elements they were experiencing as participants (220 in number) in asynchronous online pedagogy. 

Essentially, we are playing out some role on a visual and virtual stage. One third of us are active actors and the rest are either rehearsing or playing at being the audience. One’s role is the combination of one’s choices, dedication, actions, and reactions. 

II. Purpose:

 

1. To provide a theatrical stage of visual and virtual effects to an invisible and asynchronous audience. 

2. To establish a process (for the actor) that connects the audience (viewers) to their own lives in the world.

In the paper-presentation, we selected the following ‘scenes’ from a visual and virtual environment, where some of us emerged as actors, creating dramatic effects played for an asynchronous audience.

Scene 1: Self-reference and social reflexivity

Scene 2: Social isolation

Scene 3: Memory: Temporal and spatial forms

III. Method

1. Goffman’s ‘dramaturgy' as a method allows actors to tell stories they have felt and experienced, and in the process, teach their audiences both how to locate themselves and to relate their own accounts.

2. Theater is sharing stories using words. According to Jerzy Grotowski, it is what takes place between at least one spectator and one actor (4). By forming ourselves into groups of three interactants, at least one spectator was assured. We connected to each other as actor and audience. It made every individual’s activity of producing, directing and writing into a performance. 

3. In Meisner's technique (3), great acting depends on the actor's impulsive response to what's happening around him or her. “Acting is living truthfully under imaginary circumstances.” We instinctively and impulsively selected and focused on words, evoking images, symbols and concepts. We made “the reality of doing” into a performance.

4. The use of “emotion memory” was a part of Stanislavski’s Method acting; to recall an experience and recreate the feeling that went with that memory. By reflecting on felt-experiences, we incorporated the devices of storytelling and reflexivity (1). Using words alone, we created characters, settings, conflict, and a message. 

IV. Findings and Result:

1. A connection between actor and audience only developed when we learned to look at each other and listen to each other. If we did not listen to the character and what is going on in the scene, we lost the atmosphere and the believability of the scene. Both, actors and audience, became more aware of the impact they had on each other. 

2. Acting by focusing on words became a search for self-knowledge and awareness. Through dramaturgy, actors and audience came closer to knowing the truth about themselves. 

3. Actors innately sought to understand their experiences by organizing them into stories. Stories helped express who, what, when, how, and why. An actor’s performance was genuine whenever they were true to their memory.

4. The metaphor of dramaturgy provided increasing access to different world-views.

 

V. Conclusion

In preparing an actor to act, one should not attempt to 'teach' or tell the actor 'how to act' but instead, remove the blocks- physical or mental, so as to enable the actor to express impulses freely. On the other hand, the actor must not forget the discipline of structuring the words in which they choose to express their role.

REFLEXIVITY, DRAMATURGY, STORY-TELLING, METHOD-ACTING, ACTIVE-LISTENING

References

1. Reflexive Leadership, Organizing in an imperfect world, by Mats Alvesson, Martin Blom, Stefan Sveningsson, Sage 2017

2. ‘The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life’, by Erving Goffman, 1959 

3. Sanford Meisner on Acting, by Sanford Meisner & Dennis Longwell Vanguard, 2012

4. Jerzy Grotowski by James Slowiak and Jairo Cuesta, Routledge, 2018

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/19/2020 20:16:48
Subject: why the metaphor of theatre?
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I am immersed in the fishbowl. Sorting out actors/spectators, for this moment. 

The Abstract below has been reduced to 3500 words. It furthered understanding. 

I have uploaded the abstract, but I have to fill out the names of the actors (authors).

I am reading your text, and as you can imagine, it is an emotional journey inwards.

I have until midnight, I believe, after which we turn into a pumpkin (metaphor).

Why the metaphor of theatre? Why actor/audience? 

Why not a catwalk, or a garden, or a kitchen, or an organic farm?

Because, in the digital domain, we can be anything we want. 

“Suddenly technology has given us powers with which we can manipulate not only external reality---the physical world--- but also, and much more portentously, ourselves. You can become whatever you want to be,” (Ed Regis)

Please see Alyssa Botelho’s reflections below... 

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 172

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Contact: Contact AlyssaBotelho

Life as Theatre

Thu Nov 19, 2020 12:05 pm

ERVING GOFFMAN

"Choose your self-presentations carefully, for what starts out as a mask may become your face."

How we choose to present ourselves, even if it is different than our true selves, may eventually define who we are. In The Fishbowl, I chose to present myself in a way that is consistent with how I have presented myself in my other business classes since I entered URI. My self-presentation has been a confident, detail-oriented student who has an affinity for the arts. Most of these "masks" were already part of my "face", except for the presentation of confidence. I have always struggled with confidence, but when I came to URI I decided to "fake it till I make it" and that's what has happened. My self-presentation of confidence started out as a mask and it has become my face.

MEISNER TECHNIQUE

"Sanford Meisner said that his approach to training 'is based on bringing the actor back to his emotional impulses and to acting that is firmly rooted in the instinctive. It is based on the fact that all good acting comes from the heart, as it were, and that there’s no mentality to it.'"

In The Fishbowl, my most valuable writings are the ones where I did not overthink. It took about a month for me to get to this point where I was writing instinctually. There is much more truth in the writings where I did not overanalyze and cover up what I really wanted to say- my soul is laid bare there.

JERZY GROTOWSKY

"It is true that the actor accomplishes this act, but he can only do so through an encounter with the spectator - intimately, visibly, not hiding behind a cameraman, wardrobe mistress, stage designer or make-up girl - in direct confrontation with him, and somehow 'instead of' him."

Our mission in The Fishbowl has only been accomplished in the moments where actors are directly encountering spectators. That is, writers are directly engaging with readers. When I have been honest in expressing my thoughts and feelings, I have engaged in the work that allows spectators to directly interact with me.

REFLEXIVE LEADERSHIP

"Reflexive leadership is based on the increasing awareness of the value of self-reflection in practice – whether it be as a therapist, student or business person."

Self-reflection is a key component in the process of writing in The Fishbowl. It is only through reflecting on one's own actions, thoughts, and emotions that one knows what to write. With the intensity and frequency that I want to write responses to Sanjiv's letters, I have engaged in much self-reflection and have realized the great value in it as it has uncovered my true self.

ACTOR AND AUDIENCE: THEATRE AS METAPHOR FOR ASYNCHRONOUS ONLINE PEDAGOGY

“Followers and leaders are bound together in the transformation process, which I think helps describe pretty well what is happening here. We should all strive to be transformational leaders.” (Olivia Palumbo, Fishbowl, 2020)

I. Introduction

During the pandemic, across two semesters and a summer, in an asynchronous digital environment, the authors (business students at the University of Rhode Island) are generating text by creating new metaphors and word structures in acts of ‘reflexive leadership’ (1). They are evoking images (scenes and scenarios) in a never-ending play in which they themselves are the actors. Erving Goffman (2) first presented this idea that a person is like an actor on a stage who uses “impression management” to present the Self to others as the actor hopes to be perceived. In other words, according to Goffman, “the self is a sense of who one is, a dramatic effect emerging from the immediate scene being presented.” By using Goffman’s metaphor of theatre, the authors understood that elements of human interaction are dependent upon time, place and audience; the same elements they were experiencing as participants (220 in number) in asynchronous online pedagogy. 

Essentially, we are playing out some role on a visual and virtual stage. One third of us are active actors and the rest are either rehearsing or playing at being the audience. One’s role is the combination of one’s choices, dedication, actions, and reactions. 

II. Purpose:

 

1. To provide a theatrical stage of visual and virtual effects to an invisible and asynchronous audience. 

2. To establish a process (for the actor) that connects the audience (viewers) to their own lives in the world.

In the paper-presentation, we selected the following ‘scenes’ from a visual and virtual environment, where some of us emerged as actors, creating dramatic effects played for an asynchronous audience.

Scene 1: Self-reference and social reflexivity

Scene 2: Social isolation

Scene 3: Memory: Temporal and spatial forms

III. Method

1. Goffman’s ‘dramaturgy' as a method allows actors to tell stories they have felt and experienced, and in the process, teach their audiences both how to locate themselves and to relate their own accounts.

2. Theater is sharing stories using words. According to Jerzy Grotowski, it is what takes place between at least one spectator and one actor (4). By forming ourselves into groups of three interactants, at least one spectator was assured. We connected to each other as actor and audience. It made every individual’s activity of producing, directing and writing into a performance. 

3. In Meisner's technique (3), great acting depends on the actor's impulsive response to what's happening around him or her. “Acting is living truthfully under imaginary circumstances.” We instinctively and impulsively selected and focused on words, evoking images, symbols and concepts. We made “the reality of doing” into a performance.

4. The use of “emotion memory” was a part of Stanislavski’s Method acting; to recall an experience and recreate the feeling that went with that memory. By reflecting on felt-experiences, we incorporated the devices of storytelling and reflexivity (1). Using words alone, we created characters, settings, conflict, and a message. 

IV. Findings and Result:

1. A connection between actor and audience only developed when we learned to look at each other and listen to each other. If we did not listen to the character and what is going on in the scene, we lost the atmosphere and the believability of the scene. Both, actors and audience, became more aware of the impact they had on each other. 

2. Acting by focusing on words became a search for self-knowledge and awareness. Through dramaturgy, actors and audience came closer to knowing the truth about themselves. 

3. Actors innately sought to understand their experiences by organizing them into stories. Stories helped express who, what, when, how, and why. An actor’s performance was genuine whenever they were true to their memory.

4. The metaphor of dramaturgy provided increasing access to different world-views.

 

V. Conclusion

In preparing an actor to act, one should not attempt to 'teach' or tell the actor 'how to act' but instead, remove the blocks- physical or mental, so as to enable the actor to express impulses freely. On the other hand, the actor must not forget the discipline of structuring the words in which they choose to express their role.

REFLEXIVITY, DRAMATURGY, STORY-TELLING, METHOD-ACTING, ACTIVE-LISTENING

References

1. Reflexive Leadership, Organizing in an imperfect world, by Mats Alvesson, Martin Blom, Stefan Sveningsson, Sage 2017

2. ‘The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life’, by Erving Goffman, 1959 

3. Sanford Meisner on Acting, by Sanford Meisner & Dennis Longwell Vanguard, 2012

4. Jerzy Grotowski by James Slowiak and Jairo Cuesta, Routledge, 2018

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/17/2020 19:58:27
Subject: theatre as metaphor for what we are doing
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I hope Actors and the Audience can relate to the metaphor of a theatrical play between us.

Sanjiv

TITLE: THEATRE AS METAPHOR FOR ASYNCHRONOUS ONLINE PEDAGOGY

Introduction

During the pandemic, across two semesters and a summer, in an asynchronous digital environment, 150 participants (business students at the University of Rhode Island) are reflexively generating text by creating new metaphors and word structures (1), thereby evoking 'scenes' in a never-ending play in which they are the Actors (2). Erving Goffman first presented this idea that a person is like an actor on a stage who uses “impression management” to present the Self to others as they hope to be perceived. By using the metaphor of theatre, Goffman understands that elements of human interaction are dependent upon time, place and audience; the same elements in our online experience. In other words, according to Goffman, “the self is a sense of who one is, a dramatic effect emerging from the immediate scene being presented.” 

In this paper and presentation we considered the following “scenes” and actors’ dramatic effects….

Scene 1:

Scene 2:

Scene 3:

Our Purpose is two-fold: 

1. To provide a theatrical stage for Visual and Virtual Affect. 

2. To Establish a Process for Actors that connects the Audience to their own lives in the world.

Method:

 

1. Theater is all about telling and sharing stories using words. It is what takes place between at least one spectator and one actor (4). By forming groups of three participants, at least one spectator was assured. It made the activity of producing, directing and writing into a performance. 

2. In Meisner's view (3), great acting depends on the actor's impulsive response to what's happening around him or her. “Acting is living truthfully under imaginary circumstances.” It is achieving the “reality of doing” in performance: an ability to stimulate instincts and impulses by focusing on words and imagination.

3. The use of “emotion memory” to recall an experience and recreate the feeling that went with that memory. Reflecting on felt-experiences we incorporate the devices of storytelling; by using words alone, we create characters, plots, settings, conflict, and a message. An actor’s performance is genuine whenever they are true to their memory.

Findings and Result:

1. Goffman’s metaphor of dramaturgy provided increasing access to different world-views.

2. Actors innately sought to understand their experiences by organizing them into stories. Stories helped express who, what, when, how, and why. 

3.A connection between actor and audience only developed when they learned to look at each other and listen to each other. If we do not listen to the character and what is going on in the scene we lost the atmosphere and the believability of the scene, 

4. Actors became more aware of the impact they had on other people. Acting by focusing on words became a search for self-knowledge and awareness. Through dramaturgy (Goffman), actors and audience came closer to knowing the truth about themselves. 

Conclusion

1. Essentially, we are playing out some role on a visual and virtual stage. One third of us are active actors and the rest are either rehearsing or playing at being the audience. One’s role is the combination of one’s choices, dedication, actions, and reactions. We are living a movie every day and fulfilling our roles. Are we heroes? are we villains? it is for us to decide.

2. In preparing an actor to act, one should not attempt to 'teach' or tell the actor 'how to act' but instead, remove the blocks- physical or mental, so as to enable the actor to express his impulses freely. On the other hand, the actor must not forget the discipline of structuring the words in which they choose to express their role.

References

1. Reflexive Leadership, Organizing in an imperfect world, by Mats Alvesson, Martin Blom, Stefan Sveningsson, Sage 2017

2. ‘The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life’, by Erving Goffman (1959) 

3. Sanford Meisner on Acting, by Sanford Meisner & Dennis Longwell Vanguard, 2012

4. Jerzy Grotowski by James Slowiak and Jairo Cuesta, Routledge, 2018

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/17/2020 19:57:47
Subject: theatre as metaphor for what we are doing
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I hope Actors and the Audience can relate to the metaphor of a theatrical play between us.

Sanjiv

TITLE: THEATRE AS METAPHOR FOR ASYNCHRONOUS ONLINE PEDAGOGY

Introduction

During the pandemic, across two semesters and a summer, in an asynchronous digital environment, 150 participants (business students at the University of Rhode Island) are reflexively generating text by creating new metaphors and word structures (1), thereby evoking 'scenes' in a never-ending play in which they are the Actors (2). Erving Goffman first presented this idea that a person is like an actor on a stage who uses “impression management” to present the Self to others as they hope to be perceived. By using the metaphor of theatre, Goffman understands that elements of human interaction are dependent upon time, place and audience; the same elements in our online experience. In other words, according to Goffman, “the self is a sense of who one is, a dramatic effect emerging from the immediate scene being presented.” 

In this paper and presentation we considered the following “scenes” and actors’ dramatic effects….

Scene 1:

Scene 2:

Scene 3:

Our Purpose is two-fold: 

1. To provide a theatrical stage for Visual and Virtual Affect. 

2. To Establish a Process for Actors that connects the Audience to their own lives in the world.

Method:

 

1. Theater is all about telling and sharing stories using words. It is what takes place between at least one spectator and one actor (4). By forming groups of three participants, at least one spectator was assured. It made the activity of producing, directing and writing into a performance. 

2. In Meisner's view (3), great acting depends on the actor's impulsive response to what's happening around him or her. “Acting is living truthfully under imaginary circumstances.” It is achieving the “reality of doing” in performance: an ability to stimulate instincts and impulses by focusing on words and imagination.

3. The use of “emotion memory” to recall an experience and recreate the feeling that went with that memory. Reflecting on felt-experiences we incorporate the devices of storytelling; by using words alone, we create characters, plots, settings, conflict, and a message. An actor’s performance is genuine whenever they are true to their memory.

Findings and Result:

1. Goffman’s metaphor of dramaturgy provided increasing access to different world-views.

2. Actors innately sought to understand their experiences by organizing them into stories. Stories helped express who, what, when, how, and why. 

3.A connection between actor and audience only developed when they learned to look at each other and listen to each other. If we do not listen to the character and what is going on in the scene we lost the atmosphere and the believability of the scene, 

4. Actors became more aware of the impact they had on other people. Acting by focusing on words became a search for self-knowledge and awareness. Through dramaturgy (Goffman), actors and audience came closer to knowing the truth about themselves. 

Conclusion

1. Essentially, we are playing out some role on a visual and virtual stage. One third of us are active actors and the rest are either rehearsing or playing at being the audience. One’s role is the combination of one’s choices, dedication, actions, and reactions. We are living a movie every day and fulfilling our roles. Are we heroes? are we villains? it is for us to decide.

2. In preparing an actor to act, one should not attempt to 'teach' or tell the actor 'how to act' but instead, remove the blocks- physical or mental, so as to enable the actor to express his impulses freely. On the other hand, the actor must not forget the discipline of structuring the words in which they choose to express their role.

References

1. Reflexive Leadership, Organizing in an imperfect world, by Mats Alvesson, Martin Blom, Stefan Sveningsson, Sage 2017

2. ‘The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life’, by Erving Goffman (1959) 

3. Sanford Meisner on Acting, by Sanford Meisner & Dennis Longwell Vanguard, 2012

4. Jerzy Grotowski by James Slowiak and Jairo Cuesta, Routledge, 2018

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/15/2020 22:27:50
Subject: reflections during the pandemic
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

We are developing thoughts as to what we are doing in a digital fishbowl during a pandemic...

The thoughts below are fragmented and the idea, the coherence, the core, is yet to be reached.

The Abstract is due on the 19th, and I’m hoping for an extension.

Title: Actor and Spectator Interacting in a Fishbowl: Reflections During a Pandemic

The question we raised during the pandemic: Can the activity of producing and directing and writing, I.e., can the theatre exist without an audience?

At least one spectator is needed to make it a performance. So we are left with the actor and the spectator. Eye ball to Eye ball. 

We define the theatre of the fishbowl as what takes place between spectator and actor. 

In every actor sits the critic and the spectator. Without this critical, judging faculty the doer or maker would be so isolated from the spectator that he would not even be perceived. (Hanah Arendt) And in every spectator, sits an actor.

The acting technique developed by legendary theatre artist Jerzy Grotowski (please google) aims for complete integration of the actor's mental and physical senses to reveal the core substance of a character, his own. Please see Adam Beckett’s posting below.

Grotowski believed that in preparing an actor to act, one should not attempt to 'teach' or tell the actor 'how to act' but instead, remove the blocks- physical or mental, so as to enable the actor to express his impulses freely. This however does not mean that the actor should not be disciplined. On the contrary, the actor must not forget the importance of structuring the words in which he chooses to express his role.

Sanjiv

SPECTATOR, ACTOR, THEATRE, AUDIENCE, PERFORMANCE

from the fishbowl, during the pandemic...

adambeckett

Posts: 174

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 10:24 pm

Sun Nov 15, 2020 5:05 pm

participatory cultures

"As spectators, we are complicit in our cognition's well-being."

As individuals we are always hoping for the best in every outcome. We do not want others to fail as much as we do not want ourselves to fail. I come from a community that preaches kindness and without the kindness my town would have fallen apart. In order to help the others around you, then you need to contribute at your own pace. If others have to tell you to contribute then your effort will not be all the way there and it will seem face. Time and patience is what you need to truly give a meaningful contribution to society. I always try to pick out one moment in my day where I can make someone happy or at the very least smile. It is things like that that carry society forward and make this place a better world to be in.

KINDNESS

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/15/2020 22:27:00
Subject: reflections during the pandemic
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

We are developing thoughts as to what we are doing in a digital fishbowl during a pandemic...

The thoughts below are fragmented and the idea, the coherence, the core, is yet to be reached.

The Abstract is due on the 19th, and I’m hoping for an extension.

Title: Actor and Spectator Interacting in a Fishbowl: Reflections During a Pandemic

The question we raised during the pandemic: Can the activity of producing and directing and writing, I.e., can the theatre exist without an audience?

At least one spectator is needed to make it a performance. So we are left with the actor and the spectator. Eye ball to Eye ball. 

We define the theatre of the fishbowl as what takes place between spectator and actor. 

In every actor sits the critic and the spectator. Without this critical, judging faculty the doer or maker would be so isolated from the spectator that he would not even be perceived. (Hanah Arendt) And in every spectator, sits an actor.

The acting technique developed by legendary theatre artist Jerzy Grotowski (please google) aims for complete integration of the actor's mental and physical senses to reveal the core substance of a character, his own. Please see Adam Beckett’s posting below.

Grotowski believed that in preparing an actor to act, one should not attempt to 'teach' or tell the actor 'how to act' but instead, remove the blocks- physical or mental, so as to enable the actor to express his impulses freely. This however does not mean that the actor should not be disciplined. On the contrary, the actor must not forget the importance of structuring the words in which he chooses to express his role.

Sanjiv

SPECTATOR, ACTOR, THEATRE, AUDIENCE, PERFORMANCE

from the fishbowl, during the pandemic...

adambeckett

Posts: 174

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 10:24 pm

Sun Nov 15, 2020 5:05 pm

participatory cultures

"As spectators, we are complicit in our cognition's well-being."

As individuals we are always hoping for the best in every outcome. We do not want others to fail as much as we do not want ourselves to fail. I come from a community that preaches kindness and without the kindness my town would have fallen apart. In order to help the others around you, then you need to contribute at your own pace. If others have to tell you to contribute then your effort will not be all the way there and it will seem face. Time and patience is what you need to truly give a meaningful contribution to society. I always try to pick out one moment in my day where I can make someone happy or at the very least smile. It is things like that that carry society forward and make this place a better world to be in.

KINDNESS

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/15/2020 16:47:54
Subject: reflexive leadership through generative text
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Please see Michael Degnan’s postings below.

Upon receiving overall direction (open to many interpretations), Degnan ‘makes' and ‘creates' his assignments for himself and shares them as he goes along in his process, visible to all. It is Reflexive Leadership (please google) Through Generative Text.

Degnan and his cohorts in the fishbowl challenge traditional, dominant and fashionable leadership perspectives and encourage us to embrace alternative ways of organizing work in an imperfect world. They follow a deeper process of reflection, a reflexive practice, involving examining one's own thoughts, feelings and actions and their impact on both the Other and on the self as the practitioner.

Reflexive Leadership in the digital world is built upon several assumptions:

1. If you don’t read, then you are not listening to the text.

You’ve got to have your ear to the ground (metaphor) by reading into words.

2. If you’re not listening to the text, then you’re unable to hear anything.

3. If you can’t hear, then you don’t know what is going on. It is a feeling of being lost.

4. We exist only in our bubbles; and, that is causing a problem.

To be reflexive involves thinking from within experiences, or as the Oxford English Dictionary puts it 'turned or reflected back upon the mind itself '.

How do we do that?

You raise the following kind of questions:

’

WHAT am I saying?

HOW am I saying?

WHY am I saying it?

FOR WHOM am I saying it?

WHEN AND WHERE did I say it?

In the first round, Michael Degnan’s postings stands on previous text.

Previous text is the result of his search which is limited by the time spent searching.

In the second round, reflexive thinking begins when the above questions are addressed.

The best way to do this is to select a sentence and expand its understanding by relating a personal experience. 

You enhance the value in some way by your reflective action.

The exercise is not meant to be difficult but self-reflective and self-assertive. The only appropriate selection of a word is one which is owned. When it is disclosed.

Michael Degnan gets an A- for his efforts below. They are an excellent example of the first round. To take these structures, dismantle them and then put them together with a personal anecdote is Reflexive Leadership and its practice will get you or the organization you work for a following of viewers. Also known as fandom (please google).

Sanjiv

c: 345

 from the fishbowl...

michaeldegnan

Posts: 394

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:57 am

Tue Sep 29, 2020 8:51 pm

Vocabulary for Assignment #1:

Belief: confidence in the truth or existence of something not immediately susceptible to rigorous proof

Value: relative worth, merit, or importance

System: relative worth, merit, or importance

Structure: mode of building, construction, or organization; arrangement of parts, elements, or constituents

Feeling: the function or the power of perceiving by touch

Culture: the quality in a person or society that arises from a concern for what is regarded as excellent in arts, letters, manners, scholarly pursuits, etc.

Google for Assignment #2:

Raymond Williams: a Welsh Marxist theorist, academic, novelist, and critic influential within the New Left and in the wider culture. His writings on politics, culture, the media, and literature made a marked contribution to the Marxist critique of culture and the arts. Some 750,000 copies of his books were sold in UK editions alone and there are many translations available.

michaeldegnan

Posts: 394

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:57 am

Fri Oct 02, 2020 4:41 pm

Scripts for Each Film

Outsourced Script: http://www.script-o-rama.com/movie_scripts/o/outsourced-script-transcript.html

Moonrise Kingdom Script: https://www.imsdb.com/scripts/Moonrise-Kingdom.html

michaeldegnan

Posts: 394

Sat Oct 17, 2020 10:25 pm

Assignment 1

1. Participant-observation: a qualitative research method in which the researcher studies a group not only by observing the group but also by participating in the activities of the group (Exactly what the fishbowl is)

2. Symbolic interactionism: the view of social behavior that emphasizes linguistic or gestural communication and its subjective understanding, especially the role of language in the formation of the child as a social being (behaviors and gestures are extremely crucial in communications in today's world)

3. Social constructivism: a sociological theory of knowledge according to which human development is socially situated and knowledge is constructed through interaction with others (I am a huge supporter of human interaction and its positive correlation with human development)

4. Self-reflexivity: someone making reference to their own artificiality (definitely important to anyone trying to realize their previous mistakes)

michaeldegnan

Posts: 394

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:57 am

Sat Oct 17, 2020 11:10 pm

Assignment #2

Outsourced Script

1. "Any American job that’s done on the phone or online is going overseas." (Overseas - Many of the things that are bought in America are not made in America, which isn't beneficial for our economy)

2. "Our first mistake, is trying to run this, like an American office." (Mistake - America has made many mistakes when it comes to politics and I do not believe anyone should be looking at America as a role model for politics)

3. "That’s why I want to introduce our products to a potential market of a billion people" (Introduce - There are many people and many markets available for businesses)

4. "Let me speak to your supervisor?" (Supervisor - This is a phrase that is spoken a lot by angry customers. I believe these customers should trust the original employees they are talking to because they generally are the people talking to customers)

5. "You’re a free woman, you can speak intensely as you want." (Free - all people should have the ability to say whatever they want, regardless of any of their qualities)

Moonrise Kingdom

1. "I think you've still got lightning in you" (Lightning - I think people should be trusted until they are proven that they can't be.

2. "We're in love. We just want to be together. What's wrong with that?" (Wrong - I think anyone should be allowed to be together with anyone and no one should be able to tell them otherwise.)

3. "There are no paved roads, but - here comes Jet with the mail -- but instead many miles of intersecting footpaths and dirt trails and a ferry that runs twice daily from Stone Cove." (Paved - Just because the road is not easy, does not mean it is impossible)

4. "You're doing what's right. For everyone. Except me." (Except - People are far too selfish in today's world)

5. "Don't let go!" (Don't - Never give up!)

michaeldegnan

Posts: 394

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:57 am

Fri Nov 13, 2020 6:29 pm

Assignment #3

Japanese Story

1. "If you want him to come and see, you come and show him yourself, okay?" (Yourself- If people want things done, they should realize that they are the ones that have to do it)

2. "There was a time there when nobody would buy anything made in Japan." (Time- It is interesting how much times have changed and how drastically people's opinions change as well)

3. "Funny thing, life, isn't it?" (Life- There many times in all of our lives that something happens that makes little to no sense and we are not sure why it happened)

4. "Do you love your wife? No need to say it." (Need- People today do not express their truest feelings, even when others need them to)

5. "Life's short." (Short- Life truly is short so people should make the most out of the time they have)

Kinky Boots

1. "And by the time you're old enough, and married probably, taking over the factory from me, believe me, first thing you'll notice about a person is their shoes." (Notice- Too many people notice the wrong aspects about people, and pay the price because of it)

2. "I'm not my dad. OK. You shouldn't expect that." (Expect- Each person is unique and different, even from their own family members)

3. "A Price's shoe will last a man a lifetime." (Lifetime- When buying items, people should worry more about quality rather than quantity)

4. "What can I do?" (Can- People can do anything they put their mind to, as long as they put in the work)

5. "Well, it needs to be a Jimmy Choo, doesn't it? To work." (Doesn't- Sometimes the most expensive items is not always the best and most reliable item)

michaeldegnan

Posts: 394

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:57 am

Fri Nov 13, 2020 6:33 pm

Assignment #4

4 dimensions of culture-related values (Hofstede)

1. Power Distance: how power is distributed and the extent to which the less powerful accept that power is distributed unequally. Put simply, people in some cultures accept a higher degree of unequally distributed power than do people in other cultures.

2. Uncertainty Avoidance: a society's tolerance for uncertainty and ambiguity. It reflects the extent to which members of a society attempt to cope with anxiety by minimizing uncertainty.

3. Individualism/collectivism: Individualism stresses individual goals and the rights of the person. Collectivism focuses on group goals, what is best for the collective group, and personal relationships. An individualist is motivated by personal rewards and benefits.

4. Masculinity/Feminism: Masculinity (also called manhood or manliness) is a set of attributes, behaviors, and roles associated with boys and men. Although masculinity is socially constructed, research indicates that some behaviors are considered masculine are biologically influenced. Feminism is a range of social movements, political movements, and ideologies that aim to define and establish the political, economic, personal, and social equality of the sexes. Feminism incorporates the position that societies prioritize the male point of view, and that women are treated unjustly within those societies.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/13/2020 17:49:04
Subject: dramaturgy notes
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Thinking of a backdrop, in keeping with the dramaturgy metaphor, I generated the following thoughts from your postings regarding what is it that you are doing:

*participating in a system dedicated to providing increasing access to different world-views.

*establishing an innovative process that connects viewers to their own lives in the world.

*providing a platform for visual and virtual affect.

“Followers (i.e., the audience) and leaders (i.e., the actors) are bound together in the transformation process, which I think helps describe pretty well what is happening here. We should all strive to be a transformational leader in the fishbowl.” (Olivia Palumbo, Fishbowl, 20)

There is a lot of material here offering many directions to choose from. I will next link with Goffman’s Dramatrugy.

We are constructing a text. We are generating it and we are creating it. We are looking at phenomena, metaphors, symbols, in other words, we’re looking at words.

We are writing an Abstract of 3,500 words for blind review. Why are we of interest is the question we are confronting.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

oliviapalumbo

Posts: 302

Thu Nov 05, 2020 3:34 pm

Leaders Generate Text

I found Sanjiv's letter to be very true and eye-opening. As we all have learned in the past year, the digital learning atmosphere can be rather awkward. It is not as easy and natural having interactions with groups over a screen as it is in person. Without lectures in person, we can become confused in direction and feel lost in the shuffle. The leaders in the fishbowl keep us all afloat. They show us a model of what we are supposed to be doing and keep everyone on track. It takes a true leader to overcome obstacles in this digital classroom and keep the class on track.

I find these fishbowl leaders to be transformational leaders. Transformational leadership is a process that changes and transforms, where a person engages with others and creates a connection that raises the level of motivation and morality in both the leader and follower. It involves an exceptional form of influence that moves followers to accomplish more than what is expected of them. Followers and leaders are bound together in the transformation process, which I think helps describe pretty well what is happening here. We should all strive to be a transformational leader in the fishbowl.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/13/2020 17:48:21
Subject: dramaturgy notes
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Thinking of a backdrop, in keeping with the dramaturgy metaphor, I generated the following thoughts from your postings regarding what is it that you are doing:

*participating in a system dedicated to providing increasing access to different world-views.

*establishing an innovative process that connects viewers to their own lives in the world.

*providing a platform for visual and virtual affect.

“Followers (i.e., the audience) and leaders (i.e., the actors) are bound together in the transformation process, which I think helps describe pretty well what is happening here. We should all strive to be a transformational leader in the fishbowl.” (Olivia Palumbo, Fishbowl, 20)

There is a lot of material here offering many directions to choose from. I will next link with Goffman’s Dramatrugy.

We are constructing a text. We are generating it and we are creating it. We are looking at phenomena, metaphors, symbols, in other words, we’re looking at words.

We are writing an Abstract of 3,500 words for blind review. Why are we of interest is the question we are confronting.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

oliviapalumbo

Posts: 302

Thu Nov 05, 2020 3:34 pm

Leaders Generate Text

I found Sanjiv's letter to be very true and eye-opening. As we all have learned in the past year, the digital learning atmosphere can be rather awkward. It is not as easy and natural having interactions with groups over a screen as it is in person. Without lectures in person, we can become confused in direction and feel lost in the shuffle. The leaders in the fishbowl keep us all afloat. They show us a model of what we are supposed to be doing and keep everyone on track. It takes a true leader to overcome obstacles in this digital classroom and keep the class on track.

I find these fishbowl leaders to be transformational leaders. Transformational leadership is a process that changes and transforms, where a person engages with others and creates a connection that raises the level of motivation and morality in both the leader and follower. It involves an exceptional form of influence that moves followers to accomplish more than what is expected of them. Followers and leaders are bound together in the transformation process, which I think helps describe pretty well what is happening here. We should all strive to be a transformational leader in the fishbowl.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/13/2020 12:30:26
Subject: participatory cultures
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Please see Joseph Dugas’ posting below. 

"I believe I am in one of these categories. I have put forth my best effort to respond to all the postings. And my postings have great quality in them. I enjoy this class and appreciate what it has to offer.” (Fishbowl, Fall20)

Joseph Dugas’ sincerity, integrity and hard work hits you straight in the eye because he is owning his text. 

I visualize him as Howard Roark in Ayn Rand’s The Fountainhead. Please google. 

Joseph Dugas' text is quintessential American. 

I would do anything for the Howard Roarks and their cohorts in the world. 

It is what motivates me to represent your individual work at international conferences. 

As spectators, we are complicit in our cognition's well-being.

We are an example of "participatory cultures." Please google.

I thank you all from the bottom of my heart. 

Sanjiv

QUINTESSENTIAL, COHORT, SINCERITY, INTEGRITY, SPECTATOR, COMPLICIT, COGNITION

from the fishbowl...

josephdugas

Posts: 161

Joined: Wed Sep 02, 2020 2:35 pm

Fri Nov 13, 2020 2:49 am

about grades and categories

"3. The Box A-Minus

You are regular in your postings and completed the assignments to the best of your circumstance in the fishbowl. Quantity and Quality of interpretations and reflections and notes will assure you a place in this box.

4. The Box Straight-A

This box is reserved for those who show leadership by generating text and keeping flailing spirits alive. Chris Goglia will probably make it to this box."

I believe I am in one of these categories. I have put forth my best effort to respond to all the postings. And my postings have great quality in them. I enjoy this class and appreciate what it has to offer.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/13/2020 12:28:29
Subject: participatory cultures
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Please see Joseph Dugas’ posting below. 

"I believe I am in one of these categories. I have put forth my best effort to respond to all the postings. And my postings have great quality in them. I enjoy this class and appreciate what it has to offer.” (Fishbowl, Fall20)

Joseph Dugas’ sincerity, integrity and hard work hits you straight in the eye because he is owning his text. 

I visualize him as Howard Roark in Ayn Rand’s The Fountainhead. Please google. 

Joseph Dugas' text is quintessential American. 

I would do anything for the Howard Roarks and their cohorts in the world. 

It is what motivates me to represent your individual work at international conferences. 

As spectators, we are complicit in our cognition's well-being.

We are an example of "participatory cultures." Please google.

I thank you all from the bottom of my heart. 

Sanjiv

QUINTESSENTIAL, COHORT, SINCERITY, INTEGRITY, SPECTATOR, COMPLICIT, COGNITION

from the fishbowl...

josephdugas

Posts: 161

Joined: Wed Sep 02, 2020 2:35 pm

 Fri Nov 13, 2020 2:49 am

about grades and categories

"3. The Box A-Minus

You are regular in your postings and completed the assignments to the best of your circumstance in the fishbowl. Quantity and Quality of interpretations and reflections and notes will assure you a place in this box.

4. The Box Straight-A

This box is reserved for those who show leadership by generating text and keeping flailing spirits alive. Chris Goglia will probably make it to this box."

I believe I am in one of these categories. I have put forth my best effort to respond to all the postings. And my postings have great quality in them. I enjoy this class and appreciate what it has to offer.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/12/2020 23:06:46
Subject: about grades and categories
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

About grades and categories, and things like that.

Reflections like Chris Goglia below are a minimum A-minus.

"As November approaches, I get anxious to see what lies before me. I wonder if I've done enough to receive a B even."

There are four boxes. They are not grades at this point (please see your syllabus for that) but an ascending order of work, to help you see where you are positioned:

1. The Box B

The pandemic taught me that everyone deserves at least the box B. So, if you do nothing, you’re indicating that since you are paying for the course, you choose to be a watcher/voyeur and you are learning/absorbing at your own pace and particularly by watching your peers. You’re paying for the experience of a visual and virtual learning culture. You downloaded over 100 letters that were shared among a community of like-minded individuals in a digital environment. 

2. The Box B-Plus

You completed your vocabulary and did a few reflections/deconstructions. 

By so doing you got an idea of the boundary of the field, the discourse and conversation. You will always think about this vocabulary if you have a million dollar business idea or subject that you are considering.

3. The Box A-Minus

You are regular in your postings and completed the assignments to the best of your circumstance in the fishbowl. Quantity and Quality of interpretations and reflections and notes will assure you a place in this box.

4. The Box Straight-A

This box is reserved for those who show leadership by generating text and keeping flailing spirits alive. Chris Goglia will probably make it to this box.

Thank you.

Sanjiv

GRADE, CATEGORY

from the fishbowl...

chrisgoglia

Posts: 59

Joined: Tue Sep 08, 2020 7:53 am

Sun Nov 01, 2020 10:26 pm

Jackson Pollock: "Pollock romanticized the tortured artist"

- I feel like this is in a way very ironic. Someone who is a legend in his field frustrated with his work. From his pain and suffering came something beautiful that has went down in history and revolutionized art forever. I guess to be so good at something you have to suffer and grind to make anything of yourself. I can compare that slightly to the real world I'll be entering very shortly. I will be in the field that I love, but may not necessarily be doing the things I love... yet. I will grind out my working career in order to make something beautiful in the end. My pain and suffering could lead me to start a business that helps people. Helping people and changing their environment is what motivates me to persevere.

chrisgoglia

Posts: 59

Joined: Tue Sep 08, 2020 7:53 am

Mon Nov 02, 2020 5:29 pm

As November approaches, I get anxious to see what lies before me. I wonder if I've done enough to receive a B even. I worry that one small moment will create a ripple on which I cannot move on to what lies before me. I have so many small things to do that conglomerate to form one major thing: a diploma. As I get closer to December, I begin my full time job during school and will need to find a balance. I need to make two worlds collide and create and autonomous system that works efficiently enough to create balance. I wonder what I will have time for and how drastically my life will change as the seasons do.

chrisgoglia

Posts: 59

Joined: Tue Sep 08, 2020 7:53 am

Mon Nov 02, 2020 5:34 pm

As I review the syllabus, I wonder about my groupmates. I wonder if they have been active in this environment as I have. I wonder if they have read what I have wrote, but I do not see any of theirs. Have they survived through this semester in this class, or have they sought another path to take.

FORGE: create (a new relationship or new conditions)

I wonder in what ways they are forging things for themselves. Have they forged a relationship through context with me? Or have they forged new conditions of learning in a new environment?

chrisgoglia

Posts: 59

Joined: Tue Sep 08, 2020 7:53 am

Thu Nov 12, 2020 5:06 pm

Dramaturgy: the theory and practice of dramatic composition.

Sociologist Erving Goffman developed the concept of Dramaturgy, the idea that life is like a never-ending play in which people are actors. The way he describes this concept is mind bending and makes a lot of sense if you think about it. Its a very interesting outlook on the "why" we do what we do. Sometimes people are two faced and put on an act in front of people or have to learn new characters for different situations. Not everyone is the same person in front of people as they are when they're alone. Sometimes we use Impression management to try and influence the way we're seen on the "front stage." Sometimes we act the way we do to boost our image in a social setting. Appearance is half the battle in life. If we're perceived as good, hardworking, prosperous people, we'll in tern be treated like it.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/12/2020 23:05:01
Subject: about grades and categories
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

About grades and categories, and things like that.

Reflections like Chris Goglia below are a minimum A-minus.

"As November approaches, I get anxious to see what lies before me. I wonder if I've done enough to receive a B even."

There are four boxes. They are not grades at this point (please see your syllabus for that) but an ascending order of work, to help you see where you are positioned:

1. The Box B

The pandemic taught me that everyone deserves at least the box B. So, if you do nothing, you’re indicating that since you are paying for the course, you choose to be a watcher/voyeur and you are learning/absorbing at your own pace and particularly by watching your peers. You’re paying for the experience of a visual and virtual learning culture. You downloaded over 100 letters that were shared among a community of like-minded individuals in a digital environment. 

2. The Box B-Plus

You completed your vocabulary and did a few reflections/deconstructions. 

By so doing you got an idea of the boundary of the field, the discourse and conversation. You will always think about this vocabulary if you have a million dollar business idea or subject that you are considering.

3. The Box A-Minus

You are regular in your postings and completed the assignments to the best of your circumstance in the fishbowl. Quantity and Quality of interpretations and reflections and notes will assure you a place in this box.

4. The Box Straight-A

This box is reserved for those who show leadership by generating text and keeping flailing spirits alive. Chris Goglia will probably make it to this box.

Thank you.

Sanjiv

GRADE, CATEGORY

from the fishbowl...

chrisgoglia

Posts: 59

Joined: Tue Sep 08, 2020 7:53 am

Sun Nov 01, 2020 10:26 pm

Jackson Pollock: "Pollock romanticized the tortured artist"

- I feel like this is in a way very ironic. Someone who is a legend in his field frustrated with his work. From his pain and suffering came something beautiful that has went down in history and revolutionized art forever. I guess to be so good at something you have to suffer and grind to make anything of yourself. I can compare that slightly to the real world I'll be entering very shortly. I will be in the field that I love, but may not necessarily be doing the things I love... yet. I will grind out my working career in order to make something beautiful in the end. My pain and suffering could lead me to start a business that helps people. Helping people and changing their environment is what motivates me to persevere.

chrisgoglia

Posts: 59

Joined: Tue Sep 08, 2020 7:53 am

Mon Nov 02, 2020 5:29 pm

As November approaches, I get anxious to see what lies before me. I wonder if I've done enough to receive a B even. I worry that one small moment will create a ripple on which I cannot move on to what lies before me. I have so many small things to do that conglomerate to form one major thing: a diploma. As I get closer to December, I begin my full time job during school and will need to find a balance. I need to make two worlds collide and create and autonomous system that works efficiently enough to create balance. I wonder what I will have time for and how drastically my life will change as the seasons do.

chrisgoglia

Posts: 59

Joined: Tue Sep 08, 2020 7:53 am

 Mon Nov 02, 2020 5:34 pm

As I review the syllabus, I wonder about my groupmates. I wonder if they have been active in this environment as I have. I wonder if they have read what I have wrote, but I do not see any of theirs. Have they survived through this semester in this class, or have they sought another path to take.

FORGE: create (a new relationship or new conditions)

I wonder in what ways they are forging things for themselves. Have they forged a relationship through context with me? Or have they forged new conditions of learning in a new environment?

chrisgoglia

Posts: 59

Joined: Tue Sep 08, 2020 7:53 am

Thu Nov 12, 2020 5:06 pm

Dramaturgy: the theory and practice of dramatic composition.

Sociologist Erving Goffman developed the concept of Dramaturgy, the idea that life is like a never-ending play in which people are actors. The way he describes this concept is mind bending and makes a lot of sense if you think about it. Its a very interesting outlook on the "why" we do what we do. Sometimes people are two faced and put on an act in front of people or have to learn new characters for different situations. Not everyone is the same person in front of people as they are when they're alone. Sometimes we use Impression management to try and influence the way we're seen on the "front stage." Sometimes we act the way we do to boost our image in a social setting. Appearance is half the battle in life. If we're perceived as good, hardworking, prosperous people, we'll in tern be treated like it.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/12/2020 21:32:11
Subject: abstract on dramaturgy
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Scrolling through your fishbowl entries,

What do I see?

To answer that, a good place to start is to address a prior question:

How are you feeling in this moment?

Feeling takes center stage whenever we are considering the imagination: what do you see when you imagine each other? What is the metaphor, the analogy, the comparison that strikes you? Whatever it is, feeling has everything to do with it. Wouldn’t you agree!

To carry on along these lines of thought for developing the Abstract...

Entering the unknown, we must always return to the original (questions). To the basic questions 

what are we doing, in the fishbowl, 

why are we doing it, and 

how are we doing it? 

In other words, what’s going on in our Fishbowl? 

The Audience wants to know the following:

What was done (action),

When or where it was done (scene, backdrop),

Who did it (agent),

How she did it (agency), and 

Why (purpose)?

By raising the above questions, we are advocating ‘dramaturgy' as a method of social analysis that allows the actors to tell stories about organizational life, and in the process, teach their audiences both how to locate themselves and to relate their own persuasive accounts.

I think Erving Goffman’s concept and Model of Dramaturgy will be an apt metaphor for us. Please google. Please ‘see' Joseph Dugas as actor, action, scene, agency and purpose in his posting below. 

Sanjiv

from the below...

josephdugas

Posts: 157

Joined: Wed Sep 02, 2020 2:35 pm

Thu Nov 12, 2020 1:07 pm

self-reference and social reflexivity

"Within sociology reflexivity means an act of self-reference where examination or action "bends back on", refers to, and affects the entity instigating the action or examination. It commonly refers to the capacity of an agent to recognize forces of socialization and alter their place in the social structure."

Self-reference is a powerful notion of the human kind. Often I think of what I am doing in the present, reflecting on myself as a person. It can be hard sometimes to realize if what you're doing is affecting someone else. But, as a person, your end result should always be okay with yourself and no one else. I've realized it doesn't matter what people think of you. As long as your okay with your decisions and morals, that's all that matters. That's what self-reference means to me.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/12/2020 21:31:29
Subject: abstract on dramaturgy
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Scrolling through your fishbowl entries,

What do I see?

To answer that, a good place to start is to address a prior question:

How are you feeling in this moment?

Feeling takes center stage whenever we are considering the imagination: what do you see when you imagine each other? What is the metaphor, the analogy, the comparison that strikes you? Whatever it is, feeling has everything to do with it. Wouldn’t you agree!

To carry on along these lines of thought for developing the Abstract...

Entering the unknown, we must always return to the original (questions). To the basic questions 

what are we doing, in the fishbowl, 

why are we doing it, and 

how are we doing it? 

In other words, what’s going on in our Fishbowl? 

The Audience wants to know the following:

What was done (action),

When or where it was done (scene, backdrop),

Who did it (agent),

How she did it (agency), and 

Why (purpose)?

By raising the above questions, we are advocating ‘dramaturgy' as a method of social analysis that allows the actors to tell stories about organizational life, and in the process, teach their audiences both how to locate themselves and to relate their own persuasive accounts.

I think Erving Goffman’s concept and Model of Dramaturgy will be an apt metaphor for us. Please google. Please ‘see' Joseph Dugas as actor, action, scene, agency and purpose in his posting below. 

Sanjiv

from the below...

josephdugas

Posts: 157

Joined: Wed Sep 02, 2020 2:35 pm

Thu Nov 12, 2020 1:07 pm

self-reference and social reflexivity

"Within sociology reflexivity means an act of self-reference where examination or action "bends back on", refers to, and affects the entity instigating the action or examination. It commonly refers to the capacity of an agent to recognize forces of socialization and alter their place in the social structure."

Self-reference is a powerful notion of the human kind. Often I think of what I am doing in the present, reflecting on myself as a person. It can be hard sometimes to realize if what you're doing is affecting someone else. But, as a person, your end result should always be okay with yourself and no one else. I've realized it doesn't matter what people think of you. As long as your okay with your decisions and morals, that's all that matters. That's what self-reference means to me.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/12/2020 12:16:14
Subject: self-reference and social reflexivity
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I am going to begin working on the Abstract for the conference. 

You will be participating/witnessing every step of the way, as you will see. 

The project will evolve and we don’t know what shape or form it will take. 

We know that our fishbowls are exercises in Social Reflexivity.

From wiki:

Within sociology reflexivity means an act of self-reference where examination or action "bends back on", refers to, and affects the entity instigating the action or examination. It commonly refers to the capacity of an agent to recognize forces of socialization and alter their place in the social structure. A low level of reflexivity would result in an individual shaped largely by their environment (or "society"). A high level of social reflexivity would be defined by an individual shaping their own norms, tastes, politics, desires, and so on. This is similar to the notion of autonomy. (See also structure and agency and social mobility.)

Please see April Younkin’s reflection below as an example of the definition of Reflexivity.

Sanjiv

AUTONOMY, AGENCY, SELF-REFERENCE

from the fishbowl:

aprilyounkin

Posts: 124

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 8:40 pm

Contact: Contact aprilyounkin

Enhancing Each Other’s Text

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by aprilyounkin » Wed Nov 11, 2020 10:45 pm

“Labor of Love”

- Labor: Physical or mental work and/or a task to be done.

- Love: An intense feeling of deep affection and/or a great interest and pleasure in something.

In BUS 341 Organizational Behavior, I learned that there are five general factors that determine people’s desire to stay or leave an organization: the work itself, career growth, pay, coworkers, and management. The number one reason why people stay at an organization is because of the work itself. If a person truly enjoys the work they do, they are more likely to stay. The work has to be challenging enough that it is not boring, but still manageable to do within the given restraints. Finding love in the labor I do is the goal in my career. I want to find a job that I will not resent. I know that there will be good days and there will be more mundane days, but I want to believe in the work I do. Work is a “repeated process” and being unhappy doing it will become a dreadful loop that will not yield labor worth loving.

Top

Quick-Mod Too

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/12/2020 12:15:39
Subject: self-reference and social reflexivity
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I am going to begin working on the Abstract for the conference. 

You will be participating/witnessing every step of the way, as you will see. 

The project will evolve and we don’t know what shape or form it will take. 

We know that our fishbowls are exercises in Social Reflexivity.

From wiki:

Within sociology reflexivity means an act of self-reference where examination or action "bends back on", refers to, and affects the entity instigating the action or examination. It commonly refers to the capacity of an agent to recognize forces of socialization and alter their place in the social structure. A low level of reflexivity would result in an individual shaped largely by their environment (or "society"). A high level of social reflexivity would be defined by an individual shaping their own norms, tastes, politics, desires, and so on. This is similar to the notion of autonomy. (See also structure and agency and social mobility.)

Please see April Younkin’s reflection below as an example of the definition of Reflexivity.

Sanjiv

AUTONOMY, AGENCY, SELF-REFERENCE

from the fishbowl:

aprilyounkin

Posts: 124

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 8:40 pm

Contact: Contact aprilyounkin

Enhancing Each Other’s Text

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by aprilyounkin » Wed Nov 11, 2020 10:45 pm

“Labor of Love”

- Labor: Physical or mental work and/or a task to be done.

- Love: An intense feeling of deep affection and/or a great interest and pleasure in something.

In BUS 341 Organizational Behavior, I learned that there are five general factors that determine people’s desire to stay or leave an organization: the work itself, career growth, pay, coworkers, and management. The number one reason why people stay at an organization is because of the work itself. If a person truly enjoys the work they do, they are more likely to stay. The work has to be challenging enough that it is not boring, but still manageable to do within the given restraints. Finding love in the labor I do is the goal in my career. I want to find a job that I will not resent. I know that there will be good days and there will be more mundane days, but I want to believe in the work I do. Work is a “repeated process” and being unhappy doing it will become a dreadful loop that will not yield labor worth loving.

Top

Quick-Mod Too

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/31/2020 16:06:36
Subject: apperception
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are staying safe and, while we are at it, I trust we are constructing/creating our individual and collective mental structures. That is, being cognizant (aware) of how we ‘see’ things (word-images) and, ‘looking’ at how our individuated seeing (word-images) make us ‘feel.’ Reality is indeed perceptual. And this kind of ’seeing’ is known as APPERCEPTION. Looking at one’s INDIVIDUATED seeing. Looking at yourself looking at your self. Think about it. That is the exercise. To think how to apply the concept (word) apperception to your business, enterprise or project. What would you do? What does it take?

It might make a difference of a million bucks. All it took was thought, insight, a word, an idea on the way home. “If I run away with you, can you change my life?” she asked.

When the VW Beetle first came out, 6 VW Dealers located in RI got 4 Beetles each. One for each color, R,W,Y,B. There was much fanfare when they arrived from New Mexico, and the five colors were proudly displayed by the dealers. There was a year’s waiting list, getting longer by the day.

That semester, I had made a claim in the fishbowl, that if you followed what I was saying, you could get anything you wanted. Unrelated, I had been wondering which car to purchase and, students asked to show them getting the impossible, the VW Beetle. It took 2 letters, 2 conversations and 1 visit to the dealer on Newport Avenue, and two weeks later, I got a phone message from Dan, "Sanjiv you got the Beetle and the Red sports model." Dan was invited to class and told us how he came to that decision. Here’s what he said: “You created a reality, in which I had no choice.” In the fishbowl we are creating realities that are not fake in this day of miscommunication. Our constructed and created realties have two characteristics that make them real and worthy, and leave you no choice: TRANSPARENCY and AUTHENTICITY. It is the bedrock on which your project assignments will be based. Whenever we are transparent and authentic, in my experience, you get what you want.

There is much we want to express, but it is the loss of words (human resources) that limits the possibilities among us.

November in the fishbowl is going to be hectic for we will round-off the semester in the next three weeks, before Thanksgiving or just thereafter.

And then, we will gather our resources (words) and leave with them, re-formed and re-constituted and re-structured onto the next site/sight...living in motion and experiencing growth.

It is a good idea to read your syllabus at this juncture. It will make for much easier reading because one way or the other, you can relate it to your fishbowl.

The assignment letters are being formulated and there is time for explanations and expectations and performance. All roads lead to Rome. We just have to journey to get there. Metaphors, all metaphors. We are our metaphors. 

I wanted to get the idea of apperception across.

Sanjiv

RE-, FORM, CONSTITUTE, STRUCTURE

from the fishbowl...casondrafossa

Posts: 29

Joined: Tue Sep 08, 2020 11:45 am

Thu Oct 29, 2020 2:19 pm

auto ethnography:

autoethnography is a form of qualitative research in which an author uses self-reflection and writing to explore anecdotal and personal experience and connect this autobiographical story to wider cultural, political, and social meanings and understandings.

Autoethnography is an approach to research and writing that seeks to describe and systematically analyze personal experience in order to understand cultural experience. This approach challenges canonical ways of doing research and representing others and treats research as a political, socially-just and socially-conscious act. A researcher uses tenets of autobiography and ethnography to do and write autoethnography. Thus, as a method, autoethnography is both process and product.

Key words: autoethnography; relational ethics; co-constructed narratives; interactive interviews; narrative; ethnography; personal narrative; narrative ethnographies

Co-constructed narratives: stories jointly constructed by relational partners about epiphanies in their lives. This type of research focuses on the interactional sequences by which interpretations of lived experiences are constructed, coordinated, and solidified into stories.

relational ethics: a contemporary approach to ethics that situates ethical action explicitly in relationship. If ethics is about how we should live, then it is essentially about how we should live together.

interactive interviews: Interactive interviewing is an interpretive practice for getting an in-depth and intimate understanding of people's experiences with emotionally charged and sensitive topics such as childbirth, illness, loss, and eating disorders.

narrative: a spoken or written account of connected events; a story.

ethnography: the scientific description of the customs of individual peoples and cultures.

Personal narrative: is a prose narrative relating personal experience usually told in first person; its content is nontraditional. "Personal" refers to a story from one's life or experiences.

narrative ethnographies: widens the focus to examine stories as they are being performed on specific social occasions.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/31/2020 16:06:10
Subject: apperception
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are staying safe and, while we are at it, I trust we are constructing/creating our individual and collective mental structures. That is, being cognizant (aware) of how we ‘see’ things (word-images) and, ‘looking’ at how our individuated seeing (word-images) make us ‘feel.’ Reality is indeed perceptual. And this kind of ’seeing’ is known as APPERCEPTION. Looking at one’s INDIVIDUATED seeing. Looking at yourself looking at your self. Think about it. That is the exercise. To think how to apply the concept (word) apperception to your business, enterprise or project. What would you do? What does it take?

It might make a difference of a million bucks. All it took was thought, insight, a word, an idea on the way home. “If I run away with you, can you change my life?” she asked.

When the VW Beetle first came out, 6 VW Dealers located in RI got 4 Beetles each. One for each color, R,W,Y,B. There was much fanfare when they arrived from New Mexico, and the five colors were proudly displayed by the dealers. There was a year’s waiting list, getting longer by the day.

That semester, I had made a claim in the fishbowl, that if you followed what I was saying, you could get anything you wanted. Unrelated, I had been wondering which car to purchase and, students asked to show them getting the impossible, the VW Beetle. It took 2 letters, 2 conversations and 1 visit to the dealer on Newport Avenue, and two weeks later, I got a phone message from Dan, "Sanjiv you got the Beetle and the Red sports model." Dan was invited to class and told us how he came to that decision. Here’s what he said: “You created a reality, in which I had no choice.” In the fishbowl we are creating realities that are not fake in this day of miscommunication. Our constructed and created realties have two characteristics that make them real and worthy, and leave you no choice: TRANSPARENCY and AUTHENTICITY. It is the bedrock on which your project assignments will be based. Whenever we are transparent and authentic, in my experience, you get what you want.

There is much we want to express, but it is the loss of words (human resources) that limits the possibilities among us.

November in the fishbowl is going to be hectic for we will round-off the semester in the next three weeks, before Thanksgiving or just thereafter.

And then, we will gather our resources (words) and leave with them, re-formed and re-constituted and re-structured onto the next site/sight...living in motion and experiencing growth.

It is a good idea to read your syllabus at this juncture. It will make for much easier reading because one way or the other, you can relate it to your fishbowl.

The assignment letters are being formulated and there is time for explanations and expectations and performance. All roads lead to Rome. We just have to journey to get there. Metaphors, all metaphors. We are our metaphors. 

I wanted to get the idea of apperception across.

Sanjiv

RE-, FORM, CONSTITUTE, STRUCTURE

from the fishbowl...casondrafossa

Posts: 29

Joined: Tue Sep 08, 2020 11:45 am

Thu Oct 29, 2020 2:19 pm

auto ethnography:

autoethnography is a form of qualitative research in which an author uses self-reflection and writing to explore anecdotal and personal experience and connect this autobiographical story to wider cultural, political, and social meanings and understandings.

Autoethnography is an approach to research and writing that seeks to describe and systematically analyze personal experience in order to understand cultural experience. This approach challenges canonical ways of doing research and representing others and treats research as a political, socially-just and socially-conscious act. A researcher uses tenets of autobiography and ethnography to do and write autoethnography. Thus, as a method, autoethnography is both process and product.

Key words: autoethnography; relational ethics; co-constructed narratives; interactive interviews; narrative; ethnography; personal narrative; narrative ethnographies

Co-constructed narratives: stories jointly constructed by relational partners about epiphanies in their lives. This type of research focuses on the interactional sequences by which interpretations of lived experiences are constructed, coordinated, and solidified into stories.

relational ethics: a contemporary approach to ethics that situates ethical action explicitly in relationship. If ethics is about how we should live, then it is essentially about how we should live together.

interactive interviews: Interactive interviewing is an interpretive practice for getting an in-depth and intimate understanding of people's experiences with emotionally charged and sensitive topics such as childbirth, illness, loss, and eating disorders.

narrative: a spoken or written account of connected events; a story.

ethnography: the scientific description of the customs of individual peoples and cultures.

Personal narrative: is a prose narrative relating personal experience usually told in first person; its content is nontraditional. "Personal" refers to a story from one's life or experiences.

narrative ethnographies: widens the focus to examine stories as they are being performed on specific social occasions.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/29/2020 11:11:58
Subject: please youtube Pollock's technique
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

PLease youtube Pollock’s Painting Technique

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PQfMd3Vv-g

Watch as many of them as you can. Pull out the phrases from his technique and juxtapose them upon your technique in the fishbowl.

Pollock’s paintings sell for millions of dollars. He changed the nature of painting. I find that trait most American because it is widespread, certainly here in Providence and in your fishbowl.

Be an American today! Be an abstract expressionist. Living in life.

Sanjiv

PHRASE, JUXTAPOSE

from the fishbowl...

oliviapalumbo

Posts: 276

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 5:07 pm

Contact: Contact oliviapalumbo

Re: Making notes: Deconstructing Text

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Unread post by oliviapalumbo » Wed Oct 28, 2020 12:33 pm

Watershed in the fishbowl

Watershed:an area or ridge of land that separates waters flowing to different rivers, basins, or seas.

The fishbowl is an area that separates or extracts thoughts and felt experiences from our lives and into a digital platform. It has been a crazy week full of stress and deadlines, but I return to the fishbowl with a fresh mind. These metaphors in sanjiv's letter bring me back in and ground me to the course. We are following the text. We have been posting all semester into our fishbowl and reading with our groups. We are observing one another and observing ourselves. We are keeping with the text and trying not to get lost. Our group dynamics are silent. We will eventually collaborate, but for now, we are simply following along and silently supporting one another.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/29/2020 11:11:12
Subject: please youtube Pollock's technique
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

PLease youtube Pollock’s Painting Technique

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PQfMd3Vv-g

Watch as many of them as you can. Pull out the phrases from his technique and juxtapose them upon your technique in the fishbowl.

Pollock’s paintings sell for millions of dollars. He changed the nature of painting. I find that trait most American because it is widespread, certainly here in Providence and in your fishbowl.

Be an American today! Be an abstract expressionist. Living in life.

Sanjiv

PHRASE, JUXTAPOSE

from the fishbowl...

oliviapalumbo

Posts: 276

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 5:07 pm

Contact: Contact oliviapalumbo

Re: Making notes: Deconstructing Text

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Unread post by oliviapalumbo » Wed Oct 28, 2020 12:33 pm

Watershed in the fishbowl

Watershed:an area or ridge of land that separates waters flowing to different rivers, basins, or seas.

The fishbowl is an area that separates or extracts thoughts and felt experiences from our lives and into a digital platform. It has been a crazy week full of stress and deadlines, but I return to the fishbowl with a fresh mind. These metaphors in sanjiv's letter bring me back in and ground me to the course. We are following the text. We have been posting all semester into our fishbowl and reading with our groups. We are observing one another and observing ourselves. We are keeping with the text and trying not to get lost. Our group dynamics are silent. We will eventually collaborate, but for now, we are simply following along and silently supporting one another.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/28/2020 23:49:22
Subject: Pollock's Technique represents American values
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

If you were wondering is there a text in this class as tyler ramirez confesses below, I would like you to consider another american who also inspires: Jackson Pollock. 

If painting be a metaphor you choose to describe the fishbowl, then Jackson Pollock’s technique and paintings are your fishbowl's best representation.

Please google Jackson Pollock and reflect upon his technique and compare and contrast with your own process and practices; constructions and creations.

https://www.jacksonpollock.org

To understand your frustration and difficulty with doing and going the way of the fishbowl, please watch Pollock’s creative process in the film, Pollock, starring Ed Harris.

It’s always a good idea to make sense of what one is undergoing. Put a word to the feeling, and develop it from there. The what, why, and for whom kind of questions.

The fishbowl is about the participant's creative process. Please google Abstract Expressionism.

Three people who represent the very best of american values for me are: Wes Anderson (Midnight Kingdom in 448), Stanley Fish (he’s from Providence, btw) and Jackson Pollock. Read up on these guys. Figure out what they did. It helps in making decisions and knowing the Self. You don’t have to kill yourself reading about them (unless you’re getting a Ph.D.); you are being asked to scroll and scan and select one sentence or two. It is called mindfulness. Making sense for ourselves, starting from the perception and affirmation of what and who we are as humans here and now.

Sanjiv

TECHNIQUE, VALUE

from the fishbowl...

tyler ramirez

Posts: 85

Joined: Sat Sep 05, 2020 6:17 pm

Wed Oct 28, 2020 6:50 pm

Stanley Fish, "Is There A Text in This Class?”

Stanley Fish is one of America's most stimulating literary theorists. Criticizing the modern debates of interpretation, and stimulating a new way in which we assign and interpret meaning, ultimately benefitting our reading abilities and capabilities.

This book parallels the fishbowl experience. I even asked this question myself, however it poses the process of building into the things we do and accomplishing a mastery through slowing down and changing our position and perception of how we do things entirely.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/28/2020 23:48:34
Subject: Pollock's Technique represents American values
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

If you were wondering is there a text in this class as tyler ramirez confesses below, I would like you to consider another american who also inspires: Jackson Pollock. 

If painting be a metaphor you choose to describe the fishbowl, then Jackson Pollock’s technique and paintings are your fishbowl's best representation.

Please google Jackson Pollock and reflect upon his technique and compare and contrast with your own process and practices; constructions and creations.

https://www.jacksonpollock.org

To understand your frustration and difficulty with doing and going the way of the fishbowl, please watch Pollock’s creative process in the film, Pollock, starring Ed Harris.

It’s always a good idea to make sense of what one is undergoing. Put a word to the feeling, and develop it from there. The what, why, and for whom kind of questions.

The fishbowl is about the participant's creative process. Please google Abstract Expressionism.

Three people who represent the very best of american values for me are: Wes Anderson (Midnight Kingdom in 448), Stanley Fish (he’s from Providence, btw) and Jackson Pollock. Read up on these guys. Figure out what they did. It helps in making decisions and knowing the Self. You don’t have to kill yourself reading about them (unless you’re getting a Ph.D.); you are being asked to scroll and scan and select one sentence or two. It is called mindfulness. Making sense for ourselves, starting from the perception and affirmation of what and who we are as humans here and now.

Sanjiv

TECHNIQUE, VALUE

from the fishbowl...

tyler ramirez

Posts: 85

Joined: Sat Sep 05, 2020 6:17 pm

Wed Oct 28, 2020 6:50 pm

Stanley Fish, "Is There A Text in This Class?”

Stanley Fish is one of America's most stimulating literary theorists. Criticizing the modern debates of interpretation, and stimulating a new way in which we assign and interpret meaning, ultimately benefitting our reading abilities and capabilities.

This book parallels the fishbowl experience. I even asked this question myself, however it poses the process of building into the things we do and accomplishing a mastery through slowing down and changing our position and perception of how we do things entirely.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/28/2020 16:34:42
Subject: Action Science
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? Stay focused; we do well whenever we keep our noses to the grindstone (metaphor). 

Focus on words. Create structures of mental spaces. 

The question who and what constitutes the top 33% has been raised a couple of times in the fishbowl, and I need to explain myself further.

How do I perceive those who post regularly and faithfully in their fishbowls? That is, How do I see: What they are doing? Why are they doing it? For Whom are they doing it?

For one thing, I see them as I see myself: as action scientists. Over the course of 30 years at URI, I have tilled a lot organizational soil (metaphor) within the 'action science' tradition. Action Science is an emerging discipline. Please see: https://mitpress.mit.edu/books/action-science

Through our fishbowl postings, we are building theories out of our practice that can be used to transform practice and the organizational context in which the theories are situated. We are working practitioners; working to create 'communities of inquiry' within 'communities of practice' by ‘enacting' behavioral norms that make our inquiry more reliable and inclusive.

Action scientists use the term ‘action’ to signal a commitment to transforming practice through reflective internal critique. Same as your fishbowls.

This dual commitment of 'transforming practice' and 'self-reflecting' requires us to engage with sentence structures from three different traditions: conventional social science, interpretive approaches, and critical theory. 

Building knowledge out of practice is never easy. Messy questions of values and goals, and emotionally charged issues, all of them subject to competing interpretations.

Still there’s no avoiding complexity. Your fishbowl postings and their infinitely complex contexts in which they arise, are not only relevant to practice, but the very essence of it. Please see the posting by Ellen Swanson below.

This email is like a Preface to your Assignments for the rest of the semester, and for the conference deadline of Nov.19.

If you are feeling overwhelmed and intimidated, don’t be. The doing of the assignments is easy and you have been doing the fishbowl “way" all your life. Every thing falls into place eventually is a matter of faith, and it has thus far in our lives. It is the change in vocabulary which is the eye-opener. We ‘see’ in the digital world through words.

Sanjiv

ENACT, BEHAVIOR, NORM, COMPLEX, CONTEXT, TRANSFORM, PRACTICE, WAY, SEE, COMMUNITY, INQUIRY

from the fishbowl...

ellenswanson

Posts: 54

Joined: Tue Sep 08, 2020 12:01 pm

Tue Oct 27, 2020 11:58 am

Figuring the process/practice for learning

Here are the sequential steps:

Select a sentence: A labyrinth, an encyclopedia, an emporium, a theatre, the fishbowl is somewhere where fact and imagination simply have to fuse.

Create a word pool: labyrinth, maze, encyclopedia, book, dictionary, theatre, play, movie, script, fishbowl, fish, learning, fact, opinion, imagination, fuse, mix

Re-structure the sentence: Many things are filled with fact and imagination it is marrying the two that is the struggle.

Do a felt-experience: A felt experience I have with the sentence is when looking at the word labyrinth I think of a book I read in high school. My favorite book about kids trying to escape a maze. It brings me happiness.

Reduce to one word-image: maze

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/28/2020 16:33:51
Subject: Action Science
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? Stay focused; we do well whenever we keep our noses to the grindstone (metaphor). 

Focus on words. Create structures of mental spaces. 

The question who and what constitutes the top 33% has been raised a couple of times in the fishbowl, and I need to explain myself further.

How do I perceive those who post regularly and faithfully in their fishbowls? That is, How do I see: What they are doing? Why are they doing it? For Whom are they doing it?

For one thing, I see them as I see myself: as action scientists. Over the course of 30 years at URI, I have tilled a lot organizational soil (metaphor) within the 'action science' tradition. Action Science is an emerging discipline. Please see: https://mitpress.mit.edu/books/action-science

Through our fishbowl postings, we are building theories out of our practice that can be used to transform practice and the organizational context in which the theories are situated. We are working practitioners; working to create 'communities of inquiry' within 'communities of practice' by ‘enacting' behavioral norms that make our inquiry more reliable and inclusive.

Action scientists use the term ‘action’ to signal a commitment to transforming practice through reflective internal critique. Same as your fishbowls.

This dual commitment of 'transforming practice' and 'self-reflecting' requires us to engage with sentence structures from three different traditions: conventional social science, interpretive approaches, and critical theory. 

Building knowledge out of practice is never easy. Messy questions of values and goals, and emotionally charged issues, all of them subject to competing interpretations.

Still there’s no avoiding complexity. Your fishbowl postings and their infinitely complex contexts in which they arise, are not only relevant to practice, but the very essence of it. Please see the posting by Ellen Swanson below.

This email is like a Preface to your Assignments for the rest of the semester, and for the conference deadline of Nov.19.

If you are feeling overwhelmed and intimidated, don’t be. The doing of the assignments is easy and you have been doing the fishbowl “way" all your life. Every thing falls into place eventually is a matter of faith, and it has thus far in our lives. It is the change in vocabulary which is the eye-opener. We ‘see’ in the digital world through words.

Sanjiv

ENACT, BEHAVIOR, NORM, COMPLEX, CONTEXT, TRANSFORM, PRACTICE, WAY, SEE, COMMUNITY, INQUIRY

from the fishbowl...

ellenswanson

Posts: 54

Joined: Tue Sep 08, 2020 12:01 pm

Tue Oct 27, 2020 11:58 am

Figuring the process/practice for learning

Here are the sequential steps:

Select a sentence: A labyrinth, an encyclopedia, an emporium, a theatre, the fishbowl is somewhere where fact and imagination simply have to fuse.

Create a word pool: labyrinth, maze, encyclopedia, book, dictionary, theatre, play, movie, script, fishbowl, fish, learning, fact, opinion, imagination, fuse, mix

Re-structure the sentence: Many things are filled with fact and imagination it is marrying the two that is the struggle.

Do a felt-experience: A felt experience I have with the sentence is when looking at the word labyrinth I think of a book I read in high school. My favorite book about kids trying to escape a maze. It brings me happiness.

Reduce to one word-image: maze

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/27/2020 17:29:20
Subject: what matters is how you interpret it
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

It is not what someone (Sanjiv’ letters) said or wrote, but how you interpreted it.

It is only when you become "literary critics" in your fishbowls, and your passing of judgment takes precedence over the reading experience that opinions begin to diverge. Diversity that is observed at subterranean levels is beautiful and vivid. Your act of interpretation and its difference is what will be remembered, not what you read nor who said it. Please google Literary Criticism.

Our fishbowl has become an “interpretive community.” Please google, Stanley Fish, "Is There A Text in This Class?”

"Our community is unified around adherence to a common set of rules which enable meaning transformations and mediations."

“Interpretive communities are made up of those who share interpretive strategies not for reading but for writing texts, for constituting their properties.” (Fish)

Our assignments are based upon social reflexivity (please see: https://science.jrank.org/pages/11000/Reflexivity-Reflexivity-in-Sociology.html)

I am working on your Assignments. Every letter leading up to them is grist to our mill (metaphor).

I hope you return again and again...stronger every time.

Sanjiv

INTERPRETATION, JUDGMENT, PRECEDENCE, SUBTERRANEAN, COMMUNITY, ADHERENCE, RULES, TRANSFORMATION, MEDIATION, MEANING

from the fishbowl...

nickcolicci

Posts: 687

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Mon Oct 26, 2020 10:55 pm

It is incredible how our definitions, research, and responses have created such a valuable community. We are simply returning to the types of actions we learned at a very young age: looking up words, using Google, and reflecting. This time, however, we are investigating complex information. We have a greater handle on our emotions and our goals. The transparency and authenticity that Sanjiv spoke of in this letter are what has driven our relationships in the fishbowl. We must value and respect them. This past weekend, I traveled to Connecticut to coach two baseball games for the fall team that I am coaching. Although I was happy to have won both games, I was more impressed with the execution of basic fundamentals. The players were able to cleanly transfer the skills they learned at a young age to a competitive environment on the field. It reminds me of the fishbowl and the same process I spoke of a few sentences back. The player's efforts and our work in the fishbowl, as Sanjiv noted, is us making context and praxis.

As business leaders, we will connect our education at URI to the work we are responsible for. Whether it be accounting, marketing, or management, the work we have completed in past years will allow us to excel and succeed in the business world. Bridging that gap is done through repetition and practice. That is the end goal for the praxis and context we hope to create. I am eager for the coming months and years because it will be an opportunity for me to display what I have learned and perfected. I hope to look back years from now and be able to share how I have grown and how URI allowed me to build the foundation for my career. Though the future may be uncertain, we have to be confident knowing we have a solid education and the experience to outshine anyone.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/27/2020 17:28:46
Subject: what matters is how you interpret it
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

It is not what someone (Sanjiv’ letters) said or wrote, but how you interpreted it.

It is only when you become "literary critics" in your fishbowls, and your passing of judgment takes precedence over the reading experience that opinions begin to diverge. Diversity that is observed at subterranean levels is beautiful and vivid. Your act of interpretation and its difference is what will be remembered, not what you read nor who said it. Please google Literary Criticism.

Our fishbowl has become an “interpretive community.” Please google, Stanley Fish, "Is There A Text in This Class?”

"Our community is unified around adherence to a common set of rules which enable meaning transformations and mediations."

“Interpretive communities are made up of those who share interpretive strategies not for reading but for writing texts, for constituting their properties.” (Fish)

Our assignments are based upon social reflexivity (please see: https://science.jrank.org/pages/11000/Reflexivity-Reflexivity-in-Sociology.html)

I am working on your Assignments. Every letter leading up to them is grist to our mill (metaphor).

I hope you return again and again...stronger every time.

Sanjiv

INTERPRETATION, JUDGMENT, PRECEDENCE, SUBTERRANEAN, COMMUNITY, ADHERENCE, RULES, TRANSFORMATION, MEDIATION, MEANING

from the fishbowl...

nickcolicci

Posts: 687

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Mon Oct 26, 2020 10:55 pm

It is incredible how our definitions, research, and responses have created such a valuable community. We are simply returning to the types of actions we learned at a very young age: looking up words, using Google, and reflecting. This time, however, we are investigating complex information. We have a greater handle on our emotions and our goals. The transparency and authenticity that Sanjiv spoke of in this letter are what has driven our relationships in the fishbowl. We must value and respect them. This past weekend, I traveled to Connecticut to coach two baseball games for the fall team that I am coaching. Although I was happy to have won both games, I was more impressed with the execution of basic fundamentals. The players were able to cleanly transfer the skills they learned at a young age to a competitive environment on the field. It reminds me of the fishbowl and the same process I spoke of a few sentences back. The player's efforts and our work in the fishbowl, as Sanjiv noted, is us making context and praxis.

As business leaders, we will connect our education at URI to the work we are responsible for. Whether it be accounting, marketing, or management, the work we have completed in past years will allow us to excel and succeed in the business world. Bridging that gap is done through repetition and practice. That is the end goal for the praxis and context we hope to create. I am eager for the coming months and years because it will be an opportunity for me to display what I have learned and perfected. I hope to look back years from now and be able to share how I have grown and how URI allowed me to build the foundation for my career. Though the future may be uncertain, we have to be confident knowing we have a solid education and the experience to outshine anyone.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/25/2020 14:52:55
Subject: Assignments: the basic How of it
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well and focused upon developing strength of mind.

By now, you have understood the NATURE of CHANGE in your assignments. 

What does that mean?

We are PHENOMENOLOGISTS. Knowledge workers in a digital environment. This "perceptual shift" happened to me three decades ago. The Scandinavians and French were ahead of the game, in my opinion, but only because I was hanging out with them professionally. Since 1985 to be precise, and what a mind-blowing journey it has been.

So I search various dictionaries for the meaning of the Nature of Change; indeed the nature of anything. And I CONTEMPLATE the word, and I watch the trajectory of my search and thoughts, as I develop an understanding of this phenomenon. 

At this point, I am henceforth RESPONSIBLE and ACCOUNTABLE to my group for the SELECTION that I make from the following words that I CULLED out...

undergo transformation

change in shape

become transformed

change in form

change in appearance

change appearance

change

alter

modify

convert

metamorphose

shapeshift

transfigure

transmute

mutate

make over

undergo alteration

undergo change

go through transformation

experience transformation

suffer transformation

go through change

experience change

suffer change

go through alteration

experience alteration

suffer alteration

go through modification

experience modification

undergo modification

be altered

be converted

be changed

be modified

be transformed

change shape

change form

morph

The differences between us in the fishbowl are the difference in the selection of words that we made. Each word is a symbol and symbolizes an image. Our differences then are in the images that we hold. This creates a perceptual space and a visual culture which we call the fishbowl.

You are learning to get in touch with your images. My generation of men had to learn to be in touch and express our feelings because we were causing immense difficulties for social dynamics. As I see it, now is the turn for us to be in touch with our Images. We have to individually make the word-image connection and share our symbols in a visual culture. Our diversity, from a business point of view, lies in the differences in mental structures and our ability to connect them.

Once you get the hang of this, things like systems, domains, discourses, vision, perception, dimensions, all fall into place. It is generally agreed by thinkers, leaders, and researchers across the world, that we are facing a crisis in perception. We are at the beginning of a new beginning.

More assignment details to follow. I know what has to be done, it is just that I am contemplating on how to say it, so that the impact of words are the greatest. We’ve only got words among us, please keep that in mind. And, we are developing skills and understandings that we believe will prove useful in the future; useful in raising the right questions. The answers are blowing in the wind (metaphor/image) and require little work!

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 113

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Contact: Contact AlyssaBotelho

Sat Oct 24, 2020 11:59 pm

"For instance, a question like: what does Courage have to do with Society and Culture? To answer such a question requires the individual searching for knowledge, aka 'research.'"

COURAGE: the ability to do something that frightens one.

SOCIETY: the community of people living in a particular country or region and having shared customs, laws, and organizations.

CULTURE: the arts and other manifestations of human intellectual achievement regarded collectively.

What does the ability to do something that frightens someone have to do with community and manifestations of human intellectual achievement?

I don't pretend to know what the scholarly answer to this question would be, but I can make my own best guess from what I've read and what I've experienced. I'd say that different societies and cultures have different ideas about courage. Some, like America, see courage as being a strong-willed, strong-minded individual who laughs in the face of fear. Some, like North Korea, see courage as being ready to die for your country (nothing more, nothing less).

When I personally reflect on what courage has to do with society and culture, I think it means having the guts to stand up for a belief that's not mainstream. Just a few days ago I was tested in this way. I attended a film festival screening where one of my short films was shown. I made this film last year, but with everything that has happened in 2020, I was afraid it's (potentially controversial) message would be totally skewed. As I sat there and watched my film with everyone else, I panicked. I thought I would be eaten alive when it was time for Q&A! I seriously thought about walking out, driving home, and never looking back...but I stayed. I had a moment of cowardice, but stuck it out because deep down I believed in the film's core message. And to my surprise, many others did as well. I'm glad I didn't succumb to the fear of my work not being "socially acceptable". I learned something that night about practicing courage.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/25/2020 14:52:20
Subject: Assignments: the basic How of it
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well and focused upon developing strength of mind.

By now, you have understood the NATURE of CHANGE in your assignments. 

What does that mean?

We are PHENOMENOLOGISTS. Knowledge workers in a digital environment. This "perceptual shift" happened to me three decades ago. The Scandinavians and French were ahead of the game, in my opinion, but only because I was hanging out with them professionally. Since 1985 to be precise, and what a mind-blowing journey it has been.

So I search various dictionaries for the meaning of the Nature of Change; indeed the nature of anything. And I CONTEMPLATE the word, and I watch the trajectory of my search and thoughts, as I develop an understanding of this phenomenon. 

At this point, I am henceforth RESPONSIBLE and ACCOUNTABLE to my group for the SELECTION that I make from the following words that I CULLED out...

undergo transformation

change in shape

become transformed

change in form

change in appearance

change appearance

change

alter

modify

convert

metamorphose

shapeshift

transfigure

transmute

mutate

make over

undergo alteration

undergo change

go through transformation

experience transformation

suffer transformation

go through change

experience change

suffer change

go through alteration

experience alteration

suffer alteration

go through modification

experience modification

undergo modification

be altered

be converted

be changed

be modified

be transformed

change shape

change form

morph

The differences between us in the fishbowl are the difference in the selection of words that we made. Each word is a symbol and symbolizes an image. Our differences then are in the images that we hold. This creates a perceptual space and a visual culture which we call the fishbowl.

You are learning to get in touch with your images. My generation of men had to learn to be in touch and express our feelings because we were causing immense difficulties for social dynamics. As I see it, now is the turn for us to be in touch with our Images. We have to individually make the word-image connection and share our symbols in a visual culture. Our diversity, from a business point of view, lies in the differences in mental structures and our ability to connect them.

Once you get the hang of this, things like systems, domains, discourses, vision, perception, dimensions, all fall into place. It is generally agreed by thinkers, leaders, and researchers across the world, that we are facing a crisis in perception. We are at the beginning of a new beginning.

More assignment details to follow. I know what has to be done, it is just that I am contemplating on how to say it, so that the impact of words are the greatest. We’ve only got words among us, please keep that in mind. And, we are developing skills and understandings that we believe will prove useful in the future; useful in raising the right questions. The answers are blowing in the wind (metaphor/image) and require little work!

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 113

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Contact: Contact AlyssaBotelho

Sat Oct 24, 2020 11:59 pm

"For instance, a question like: what does Courage have to do with Society and Culture? To answer such a question requires the individual searching for knowledge, aka 'research.'"

COURAGE: the ability to do something that frightens one.

SOCIETY: the community of people living in a particular country or region and having shared customs, laws, and organizations.

CULTURE: the arts and other manifestations of human intellectual achievement regarded collectively.

What does the ability to do something that frightens someone have to do with community and manifestations of human intellectual achievement?

I don't pretend to know what the scholarly answer to this question would be, but I can make my own best guess from what I've read and what I've experienced. I'd say that different societies and cultures have different ideas about courage. Some, like America, see courage as being a strong-willed, strong-minded individual who laughs in the face of fear. Some, like North Korea, see courage as being ready to die for your country (nothing more, nothing less).

When I personally reflect on what courage has to do with society and culture, I think it means having the guts to stand up for a belief that's not mainstream. Just a few days ago I was tested in this way. I attended a film festival screening where one of my short films was shown. I made this film last year, but with everything that has happened in 2020, I was afraid it's (potentially controversial) message would be totally skewed. As I sat there and watched my film with everyone else, I panicked. I thought I would be eaten alive when it was time for Q&A! I seriously thought about walking out, driving home, and never looking back...but I stayed. I had a moment of cowardice, but stuck it out because deep down I believed in the film's core message. And to my surprise, many others did as well. I'm glad I didn't succumb to the fear of my work not being "socially acceptable". I learned something that night about practicing courage.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/23/2020 21:42:43
Subject: Assignment: Context and Praxis
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well and in good cheer. Concepts (mental constructs) like attitude, creativity, cooperation, courage, engagement, belief, faith are essential to understand, like never before, for they are now in the charge of the individual. It is indeed, the Age of the Millennials. For instance, a question like: what does Courage have to do with Society and Culture? To answer such a question requires the individual searching for knowledge, aka “research.” 

At this point of time you have been exposed to several research methodologies and you have made some sense of them for yourselves. If you haven’t, then the expression on my face is one of quizzicalness! Please be sure to do so: one sentence each from scrolling, surfing, sorting and selecting.

You started with a dictionary, and then you forged, forked, focused and furrowed your way through and you shared your learning trajectory (being transparent and authentic). This re-search process is known as “auto ethnography” (please google). 

To survive the environment we inhabit in fishbowls, we are developing individual viewpoints (auto-ethnographies) about the meaning of Society in 345 and of Culture in 448. 

Stay tuned by critically and creatively re-reading and writing regularly in the fishbowl. You are making a CONTEXT and a PRAXIS. You’re setting the stage (metaphor).

"Praxis (from Ancient Greek: πρᾶξις, romanized: praxis) is the process by which a theory, lesson, or skill is enacted, embodied, or realized. "Praxis" may also refer to the act of engaging, applying, exercising, realizing, or practicing ideas."

 

I’m going to sign off for now, and in the next letter, I’m going to make one example of your assignments in 345 and 448 and deconstruct it open, piecemeal. One step at a time. I’ll take you by the hand, because I was once in your position and I was confronting Professor Linda Smircich in a Ph.D program at UMass. And was I scared! My generation of men didn’t know a felt-experience! And we just weren’t the touchy-feely sitting in a circle types.

I perceive Adam Beckett in 345/1 in the fishbowl as a straight A. In different circumstances, I would seek him out and thank him for his contributions and reflections toward Learning. It’s a great thing, to say the least. It is for students like Beckett that I'm motivated to give you a shot at an international research conference, generally reserved for doctoral students and faculty. Breaking structures and Action Research. More on those later.

Sanjiv

RESEARCH, PRAXIS, CONTEXT

from the fishbowl...

adambeckett

Posts: 121

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 10:24 pm

Fri Oct 23, 2020 3:40 pm

watershed in the fishbowl (1)

"You are the harbinger of your own destiny."

HARBINGER: The person that announces or signals the approach of another

I am not too sure what to think of the grading... I do not understand the whole 33% aspect, but I do understand the more work you put in the better your grade will be. Although there is still some confusion I do believe that I deserve at least an A-. I believe that I have worked very hard this semester. I have responded to every post with meaningful contribution. This whole style of learning did make me start off slow, however I blossomed into a new individual that really got to explore myself in the process. The key to all of this was to stick with my gut and follow Sanjiv's lead to the finish line that is soon approaching.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/23/2020 21:38:18
Subject: Assignment: Context and Praxis
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well and in good cheer. Concepts (mental constructs) like attitude, creativity, cooperation, courage, engagement, belief, faith are essential to understand, like never before, for they are now in the charge of the individual. It is indeed, the Age of the Millennials. For instance, a question like: what does Courage have to do with Society and Culture? To answer such a question requires the individual searching for knowledge, aka “research.” 

At this point of time you have been exposed to several research methodologies and you have made some sense of them for yourselves. If you haven’t, then the expression on my face is one of quizzicalness! Please be sure to do so: one sentence each from scrolling, surfing, sorting and selecting.

You started with a dictionary, and then you forged, forked, focused and furrowed your way through and you shared your learning trajectory (being transparent and authentic). This re-search process is known as “auto ethnography” (please google). 

To survive the environment we inhabit in fishbowls, we are developing individual viewpoints (auto-ethnographies) about the meaning of Society in 345 and of Culture in 448. 

Stay tuned by critically and creatively re-reading and writing regularly in the fishbowl. You are making a CONTEXT and a PRAXIS. You’re setting the stage (metaphor).

"Praxis (from Ancient Greek: πρᾶξις, romanized: praxis) is the process by which a theory, lesson, or skill is enacted, embodied, or realized. "Praxis" may also refer to the act of engaging, applying, exercising, realizing, or practicing ideas."

 

I’m going to sign off for now, and in the next letter, I’m going to make one example of your assignments in 345 and 448 and deconstruct it open, piecemeal. One step at a time. I’ll take you by the hand, because I was once in your position and I was confronting Professor Linda Smircich in a Ph.D program at UMass. And was I scared! My generation of men didn’t know a felt-experience! And we just weren’t the touchy-feely sitting in a circle types.

I perceive Adam Beckett in 345/1 in the fishbowl as a straight A. In different circumstances, I would seek him out and thank him for his contributions and reflections toward Learning. It’s a great thing, to say the least. It is for students like Beckett that I'm motivated to give you a shot at an international research conference, generally reserved for doctoral students and faculty. Breaking structures and Action Research. More on those later.

Sanjiv

RESEARCH, PRAXIS, CONTEXT

from the fishbowl...

adambeckett

Posts: 121

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 10:24 pm

Fri Oct 23, 2020 3:40 pm

watershed in the fishbowl (1)

"You are the harbinger of your own destiny."

HARBINGER: The person that announces or signals the approach of another

I am not too sure what to think of the grading... I do not understand the whole 33% aspect, but I do understand the more work you put in the better your grade will be. Although there is still some confusion I do believe that I deserve at least an A-. I believe that I have worked very hard this semester. I have responded to every post with meaningful contribution. This whole style of learning did make me start off slow, however I blossomed into a new individual that really got to explore myself in the process. The key to all of this was to stick with my gut and follow Sanjiv's lead to the finish line that is soon approaching.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/22/2020 15:25:30
Subject: watershed in the fishbowl (1)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

We’re at a watershed (metaphor) and I hope you have been holding-up (metaphor) during these treacherous (metaphor) times. I wonder if you're aware that in the present environment, the world is counting on you. Please google Harry Potter.

Please view the text in this letter as a sketch (metaphor) of what lies ahead for the rest of the semester. It is laid out in three sections: grades, assignments and conference submission. Any questions and thoughts that arise can be addressed in your fishbowls. After doing that, you may email me directly with your concerns, again in the fishbowl. I am looking at you looking at me looking at you...we are in perceptual space, please bear that in mind. What are we looking at? We’re ‘looking' at our Group Dynamics (please google).

from wiki:

"Group dynamics is a system of behaviors and psychological processes occurring within a social group (intragroup dynamics), or between social groups (intergroup dynamics). The study of group dynamics can be useful in understanding decision-making behaviour, tracking the spread of diseases in society, creating effective therapy techniques, and following the emergence and popularity of new ideas and technologies.[1] Group dynamics are at the core of understanding racism, sexism, and other forms of social prejudice and discrimination. These applications of the field are studied in psychology, sociology, anthropology, political science, epidemiology, education, social work, business and managerial studies, as well as communication studies."

I. Grades 

I will present the options and choices you have with regard to your grade and the assumptions on which they are based so you can make reasonable decisions going forward. That’s a popular metaphor in recent use: “going forward.”

II. Assignments

I will attempt to lay out the assignments in specific terms (greater detail as to their steps will follow in subsequent letters) and what you can expect for the rest of the semester.

III. Authorship of Abstract submitted to International Conference

I will discuss the possibility of having our joint Abstract accepted at an International Conference. What are we doing in the fishbowl and why are we doing it?

I. Grades

The lowest grade is a B. Everyone gets a minimum of a B based upon the assumption that you are reading my letters and finding evidence in the postings of participating students. This assumption, regarding your reading, makes us a fishbowl swimming in perceptual space where we are looking at each Other. It allows us to compare and contrast in the act of reading. Please google ‘critical reading.'

Your immediate fishbowl is a group of three where members are able to ‘read-into' each other. Like a family, they are privy to the trajectory of each other’s thoughts. 

Three is a good number for this purpose.

By the simple act of being present, you created and constructed a perceptual space made up of (constituted by) three interacting mental structures. 

The interaction of mental structures occurs in the head because words are symbols which an individual interprets according to past experience. We do it instantaneously.

Every word evokes or flashes an image in our heads. Please verify for yourselves. 

You have to do the verifying yourself. In that regard here’s a metaphor to consider: When I go to the gym after paying a hefty membership, I have to do the crunches myself and not the trainer who is charging by the hour.

The letter grades B+/A- and A are clearly visible in the fishbowl. Very simply, you’re generating text out of thin air. Building castles, structures, spirals and domes. Simulated reality and Speculative Realism (please google). 

It boils down to quantity and quality of your postings. 

Most of it is copying the gurus (not each other) and becoming knowledgeable. That’s a B+. 

Infusing felt-experiences makes you an Expert and puts you in the A- category. 

The more you do it, the better your quality and you find yourself in the A category.

No one can best the combination of Knowledge plus Expertise. Please bear that in mind.

What are the cut-off points? How many postings make an A? 

The numbers are divided into 33% each. 

In this way, at any point in the semester, you can perceive your grade in the fishbowl.

You are the harbinger of your own destiny.

II. Assignments

Assignments for 345 and for 448 is next. Stay tuned before the night is out...

At this point you have understood and have an idea of the research methodologies being used. If you don’t please do the needful:

One sentence selected and experienced for each of the following:

participant-observation, symbolic interactionism, social constructivism, and social reflexivity.

Regarding assignments, I see ourselves as 'being behind a bit but itching to move forward.’

Riding slow waiting for the moon to show...(Bruce Coburn). Staying well and not straying too far afield. (All metaphors).

Enjoy the day. I think of you all the time.

Sanjiv

WATERSHED

from the fishbowl...

JohnErby

Posts: 54

Joined: Tue Sep 08, 2020 10:58 am

Wed Oct 21, 2020 7:18 pm

Google Search:

Paulo Freire - Paulo was a Brazilian philosopher most known for critical pedagogy, or problem-posing education. This idea uses the perspective that the modern teacher holds themselves in a position of omnipotence in relation to the students, and the students know nothing. The teachers pose to be this all- knowing being who is above the students, without acknowledging that they themselves could also learn more and could learn from anyone including the students.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/22/2020 15:25:01
Subject: watershed in the fishbowl (1)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

We’re at a watershed (metaphor) and I hope you have been holding-up (metaphor) during these treacherous (metaphor) times. I wonder if you're aware that in the present environment, the world is counting on you. Please google Harry Potter.

Please view the text in this letter as a sketch (metaphor) of what lies ahead for the rest of the semester. It is laid out in three sections: grades, assignments and conference submission. Any questions and thoughts that arise can be addressed in your fishbowls. After doing that, you may email me directly with your concerns, again in the fishbowl. I am looking at you looking at me looking at you...we are in perceptual space, please bear that in mind. What are we looking at? We’re ‘looking' at our Group Dynamics (please google).

from wiki:

"Group dynamics is a system of behaviors and psychological processes occurring within a social group (intragroup dynamics), or between social groups (intergroup dynamics). The study of group dynamics can be useful in understanding decision-making behaviour, tracking the spread of diseases in society, creating effective therapy techniques, and following the emergence and popularity of new ideas and technologies.[1] Group dynamics are at the core of understanding racism, sexism, and other forms of social prejudice and discrimination. These applications of the field are studied in psychology, sociology, anthropology, political science, epidemiology, education, social work, business and managerial studies, as well as communication studies."

I. Grades 

I will present the options and choices you have with regard to your grade and the assumptions on which they are based so you can make reasonable decisions going forward. That’s a popular metaphor in recent use: “going forward.”

II. Assignments

I will attempt to lay out the assignments in specific terms (greater detail as to their steps will follow in subsequent letters) and what you can expect for the rest of the semester.

III. Authorship of Abstract submitted to International Conference

I will discuss the possibility of having our joint Abstract accepted at an International Conference. What are we doing in the fishbowl and why are we doing it?

I. Grades

The lowest grade is a B. Everyone gets a minimum of a B based upon the assumption that you are reading my letters and finding evidence in the postings of participating students. This assumption, regarding your reading, makes us a fishbowl swimming in perceptual space where we are looking at each Other. It allows us to compare and contrast in the act of reading. Please google ‘critical reading.'

Your immediate fishbowl is a group of three where members are able to ‘read-into' each other. Like a family, they are privy to the trajectory of each other’s thoughts. 

Three is a good number for this purpose.

By the simple act of being present, you created and constructed a perceptual space made up of (constituted by) three interacting mental structures. 

The interaction of mental structures occurs in the head because words are symbols which an individual interprets according to past experience. We do it instantaneously.

Every word evokes or flashes an image in our heads. Please verify for yourselves. 

You have to do the verifying yourself. In that regard here’s a metaphor to consider: When I go to the gym after paying a hefty membership, I have to do the crunches myself and not the trainer who is charging by the hour.

The letter grades B+/A- and A are clearly visible in the fishbowl. Very simply, you’re generating text out of thin air. Building castles, structures, spirals and domes. Simulated reality and Speculative Realism (please google). 

It boils down to quantity and quality of your postings. 

Most of it is copying the gurus (not each other) and becoming knowledgeable. That’s a B+. 

Infusing felt-experiences makes you an Expert and puts you in the A- category. 

The more you do it, the better your quality and you find yourself in the A category.

No one can best the combination of Knowledge plus Expertise. Please bear that in mind.

What are the cut-off points? How many postings make an A? 

The numbers are divided into 33% each. 

In this way, at any point in the semester, you can perceive your grade in the fishbowl.

You are the harbinger of your own destiny.

II. Assignments

Assignments for 345 and for 448 is next. Stay tuned before the night is out...

At this point you have understood and have an idea of the research methodologies being used. If you don’t please do the needful:

One sentence selected and experienced for each of the following:

participant-observation, symbolic interactionism, social constructivism, and social reflexivity.

Regarding assignments, I see ourselves as 'being behind a bit but itching to move forward.’

Riding slow waiting for the moon to show...(Bruce Coburn). Staying well and not straying too far afield. (All metaphors).

Enjoy the day. I think of you all the time.

Sanjiv

WATERSHED

from the fishbowl...

JohnErby

Posts: 54

Joined: Tue Sep 08, 2020 10:58 am

Wed Oct 21, 2020 7:18 pm

Google Search:

Paulo Freire - Paulo was a Brazilian philosopher most known for critical pedagogy, or problem-posing education. This idea uses the perspective that the modern teacher holds themselves in a position of omnipotence in relation to the students, and the students know nothing. The teachers pose to be this all- knowing being who is above the students, without acknowledging that they themselves could also learn more and could learn from anyone including the students.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/20/2020 14:27:46
Subject: processes of self-organization is a key competence
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

What does connectivity mean in the age of "networked individualism”?

For one thing, it means thinking in new ways. 

Which means having flexible mental structures.

What does that mean?

In our fishbowls, we are developing new ways of thinking about organizing (words) and organizations (student/teacher, etc.).

We’re doing this by changing the image of ourselves and what we do. How so? You're not doing anything, you might respond!

For instance, every time you post vocabulary (the action of selecting the meaning of a word), you are re-imaging yourself.

Please verify this from your postings.

15 concepts for consideration by Businesses operating in a Digital Society: 

connectivity

networked individualism

flexibility

mental structure

develop thinking

organizing

organization

competence

reimagine

select meaning

evolve

facilitate

encourage

change

environment

 

We have been developing a new (management) practice and process (theory).

Which is what?

We are self-organizing, evolving, twisting and turning...perhaps changing at the speed of light! In our fishbowls we left the environment of organized organizations and created instead an environment where the ability to understand, facilitate, and encourage 'processes of self-organization' is a key competence. 

Please see Dana DiCristofaro’s posting below as an excellent example of “networked individualism” and process of self-organization.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

danadicristofaro

Posts: 98

Joined: Wed Sep 02, 2020 10:23 am

Tue Oct 20, 2020 10:08 am

Word: CONNECTIVITY

Meaning: The ability to make and maintain a connection between two or more points in a telecommunications system

Substitution within context: The unprecedented rise in the production and use of digital generated text and the expansion of super-connection between points has transformed our lives and sociality.

Word: INTERCONNECTED

Meaning: connected at multiple points or levels

Substitution within context: We are knowledge workers expanding the extent of being connected at multiple points or levels.

Word: CONNECT

Meaning: To join or fasten together

Substitution within context: You have been generating text by creating new circuits.

Word: EXPAND

Meaning: To increase the size, volume, quantity, or scope of; enlarge

Substitution within context: We are knowledge workers increasing the scope to the extent of being interconnected.

Word: EXTENT

Meaning: Space, amount, or the degree to which a thing extends; size; length; breadth

Substitution within context: We are knowledge workers expanding the space of being interconnected.

Word: GENERATE

Meaning: procreate

Substitution within context: The unprecedented rise in the production and use of digital procreate text and the expansion of super-connectivity has transformed our lives and sociality.

Word: PRODUCTION

Meaning: Something produced; a product

Substitution within context: The unprecedented rise in the product and use of digital generated text and the expansion of super-connectivity has transformed our lives and sociality.

Word: TRANSFORM

Meaning: To change the form or outward appearance of

Substitution within context: The unprecedented rise in the production and use of digital generated text and the expansion of super-connectivity has altered the outward appearance our lives and sociality.

Word: SOCIALITY

Meaning: The tendency in individuals to join together in groups and associate with one another

Substitution within context: The unprecedented rise in the production and use of digital generated text and the expansion of super-connectivity has transformed our lives and tendency to join together with other individuals.owl...

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/20/2020 14:20:42
Subject: processes of self-organization is a key competence
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

What does connectivity mean in the age of "networked individualism”?

For one thing, it means thinking in new ways. 

Which means having flexible mental structures.

What does that mean?

In our fishbowls, we are developing new ways of thinking about organizing (words) and organizations (student/teacher, etc.).

We’re doing this by changing the image of ourselves and what we do. How so? You're not doing anything, you might respond!

For instance, every time you post vocabulary (the action of selecting the meaning of a word), you are re-imaging yourself.

Please verify this from your postings.

15 concepts for consideration by Businesses operating in a Digital Society: 

connectivity

networked individualism

flexibility

mental structure

develop thinking

organizing

organization

competence

reimagine

select meaning

evolve

facilitate

encourage

change

environment

 

We have been developing a new (management) practice and process (theory).

Which is what?

We are self-organizing, evolving, twisting and turning...perhaps changing at the speed of light! In our fishbowls we left the environment of organized organizations and created instead an environment where the ability to understand, facilitate, and encourage 'processes of self-organization' is a key competence. 

Please see Dana DiCristofaro’s posting below as an excellent example of “networked individualism" and process of self-organization.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

danadicristofaro

Posts: 98

Joined: Wed Sep 02, 2020 10:23 am

Tue Oct 20, 2020 10:08 am

Word: CONNECTIVITY

Meaning: The ability to make and maintain a connection between two or more points in a telecommunications system

Substitution within context: The unprecedented rise in the production and use of digital generated text and the expansion of super-connection between points has transformed our lives and sociality.

Word: INTERCONNECTED

Meaning: connected at multiple points or levels

Substitution within context: We are knowledge workers expanding the extent of being connected at multiple points or levels.

Word: CONNECT

Meaning: To join or fasten together

Substitution within context: You have been generating text by creating new circuits.

Word: EXPAND

Meaning: To increase the size, volume, quantity, or scope of; enlarge

Substitution within context: We are knowledge workers increasing the scope to the extent of being interconnected.

Word: EXTENT

Meaning: Space, amount, or the degree to which a thing extends; size; length; breadth

Substitution within context: We are knowledge workers expanding the space of being interconnected.

Word: GENERATE

Meaning: procreate

Substitution within context: The unprecedented rise in the production and use of digital procreate text and the expansion of super-connectivity has transformed our lives and sociality.

Word: PRODUCTION

Meaning: Something produced; a product

Substitution within context: The unprecedented rise in the product and use of digital generated text and the expansion of super-connectivity has transformed our lives and sociality.

Word: TRANSFORM

Meaning: To change the form or outward appearance of

Substitution within context: The unprecedented rise in the production and use of digital generated text and the expansion of super-connectivity has altered the outward appearance our lives and sociality.

Word: SOCIALITY

Meaning: The tendency in individuals to join together in groups and associate with one another

Substitution within context: The unprecedented rise in the production and use of digital generated text and the expansion of super-connectivity has transformed our lives and tendency to join together with other individuals.owl...

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/19/2020 23:55:41
Subject: super-connectivity
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Staying well is to return to the core. To focus on the word.

You have been generating text by creating new connections. Please see Timothy Hall Jr.’s posting below as one example from your fishbowls. 

It is human to develop new Knowledge and a new Knowing by deconstructing text and infusing felt-experiences. We are knowledge workers expanding the extent of being interconnected. Please verify the inter-connections created by you. The unprecedented rise in the production and use of digital generated text and the expansion of super-connectivity has transformed our lives and sociality. New technologies have changed existing community structures.

Coming up next are the notions of Integrated Networking Structures and "networked individualism." What do these terms mean? How do we experience them?

Sanjiv

CONNECTIVITY, INTERCONNECTED, CONNECT, EXPAND, EXTENT, GENERATE, PRODUCTION, TRANSFORM, SOCIALITY

from the fishbowl...

timothyhalljr

Posts: 62

Joined: Tue Sep 08, 2020 8:12 pm

Mon Oct 19, 2020 11:42 am

INTERFACE: A point where two systems, subjects or organizations meet and interact.

LABYRINTH: A complicated irregular network of passages or paths.

MULTIPLE: Having or involving several parts, elements or members.

REPRESENTATION: The action of speaking or acting on behalf of someone.

CONNECTION: A relationship in which a person, thing or idea is linked or associated with something else

KNOWLEDGE: Facts, information and skills acquired by a person through experience.

KNOWING: Showing or suggesting that one has knowledge or awareness that is secret.

JUXTAPOSITION: The fact of two things being seen or placed close together with contrasting effect.

INFLECTION: A change in the form of a word to express a grammatical function.

HIATUS: A pause or gap in a sequence, series or process.

SERENDIPITY: The occurrence and development of events by chance in a happy or beneficial way.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/19/2020 12:26:09
Subject: labyrinth: generating knowledge and knowing
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are well.

Please read the attachment about the genesis of the fishbowl and, please consider the following sentence from p.52 of Bateson’ text:

“We live today with multiple representations, some we call science and some we call art, precise, abstract, vivid, and evocative, each one proposing new connections.”

And such is our reality as we interface on our screens. We are in a labyrinth.

**********

Please consider the above sentences as constructions and juxtapositions with the goal of creating new connections. To create knowledge is to create new connections.

One’s intellectual journey, one’s trajectory of thoughts, is made of things such as juxtapositions, inflections, hiatus, serendipity. 

******

Assignment: In your Hofstede text (Exploring Culture) please read and do the exercises from page 17- 27. Juxtapose the film Outsourced onto these pages and post. If you don’t have the text book, please reflect on the film from your own experience. Reflection too is a juxtaposition.

I will be writing to you about Symbols. At this point you have some sense of Metaphor. The more you read and deconstruct, the deeper and wider become your thoughts; words have images and whenever we construct structures of words, we are DEPICTING a VISION.

Specific assignments with specific steps will follow. In the meantime, give evidence of your reading, from any source in the fishbowl, by generating knowledge and knowing. It is the most practical and hands-on aspect of learning.

If you’ve understood thus far, you’ve come a long way. If you haven’t understood, then you need to start over. It won’t take long, because you have the broad feel of the fishbowl. I hope it wasn’t too trying.

Stay close to text,

Sanjiv

INTERFACE, LABYRINTH, MULTIPLE, REPRESENTATION, CONNECTION, KNOWLEDGE, KNOWING, JUXTAPOSITION, INFLECTION, HIATUS, SERENDIPITY

c: 345

from wiki...

Labyrinth

Silver coin from Knossosdisplaying the 7-course "Classical" design to represent the Labyrinth, 400 BC.

In Greek mythology, the Labyrinth was an elaborate, confusing structure designed and built by the legendary artificer Daedalus for King Minos of Crete at Knossos. Its function was to hold the Minotaur, the monster eventually killed by the hero Theseus. Daedalus had so cunningly made the Labyrinth that he could barely escape it after he built it.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/17/2020 22:10:41
Subject: genesis of the fishbowl
------------------------------------------------------------
THE DEPTH

		OF AN EXAMINED RELATIONSHIP 

		

		IS MATCHED

		BY THE EXPANSE

		OF UNDERSTANDING AND FEELING:

Management Passion in the New Millennium

Presentation 

by matt & sanjiv, 

of matt & sanjiv, 

for matt & sanjiv.

 	 

 	Copyright, Letters To Matt, @dugal, 1999

Prologue

Midway, this way of life we’re bound upon

I woke to find myself in a dark wood,

Where the right road was wholly lost and gone.

Aye me, how hard to speak of it,

The rude and rough and stubborn forest,

The mere breath of memory stirs the old fear in the blood.

But when, at last, I stood beneath a steep hillside,

Which closed the valley’s wandering maze,

Whose dread had pierced me to the heart root deep.

Then I looked up and saw the morning rays

Mantle its shoulder from that planet bright

Which guides men’s feet aright

On all their ways.

		(from “Divina Commedia” by Dante Alighieri)

	

		 IN THE FISH-BOWL

Creating this fish-bowl is a performative act. It is a gesture for the continuation of a story... we’re writing as we go along… we do not know where it will lead, nor where it will end…but we know this for sure, it exists in our heads.

		

This is the story of two characters, matt and sanjiv, and the narrative unfolds in new england, at a small university near the ocean…where they’re swimming in a mental fish-bowl, combining Western sensibilities with Eastern ideas…in tryst with purpose, but shunning all direction, except an inner pressure to radicalize. One Viking, the other Sikh, they progress from liberating ego structures, through deeply bled wounds onto downward spirals of hatred and feelings of isolation, and then returning with renewed joy of understanding, forgiveness, and anticipation. Bringing a surging heritage (of bravery in battle) in their bloods, their forays range from existential arguments, to sudden affectionate détentes, and finally onto other arguments. Their relationship mirrors the profound changes in their lifestyles, in their conceptions of work, and of themselves. Determined to move away from conventional categories (of the division between self and other, of the representation of individuality, of established academic standards) in order to reflect a vision of themselves that transcends these boundaries in a new way. The two characters have an odd volatile nature to their wooing…their interactions end suddenly, and generally with puzzled amusement. They improvise, fabricate, and talk about dimensions and chemistry between people… at times their minds almost meet on the same page, until one makes a tiny faux pas that the other sees as shattering…they’re able to maintain this fragility by improvising from moment to moment. That is, they allow themselves to let their personalities and moods influence their performance but not alter the words or circumstances of the scene they enact in their minds…they really have very different ways of thinking, but are able to pass the ball back and forth easily, making for spontaneous fun.

So how do they do this in the fish-bowl? Like their characters, matt and sanjiv can’t agree. “The more I do it,” sanjiv said, “ the more I realize the character is me.” For matt, “it’s a matter of stripping down my defense mechanisms to being that vulnerable again.” Sanjiv countered: “I think for me it’s more building on top of me. I think.”

This interaction ended suddenly, as many interactions between matt and sanjiv, with puzzled bemusement.

Creating a Concept: the Fish-bowl

Instead of the idea of a relationship (like, teacher/student), attached to a real place (like, College of Business at URI), we created the idea of a place, attached to real people, namely, matt-and-sanjiv-in-a-fish-bowl. In this imaginary place, the Fish-bowl, with extraordinary patience and power, through words, we agreed to project awareness and unity of self as the principle theme. 

The Fish-bowl is a meeting place of the mind; it is a metaphysical place. There is no hiding here for matt-sanjiv because they’re simultaneously, observers and observed. 	

It cannot be assumed that the Fish-bowl is a determined, ordered system intelligible to the outsider who can discover the natural laws that govern matt-sanjiv, or that the role of reason is the power guiding matt-sanjiv.

Rationally and empirically, the Fish-bowl has no significance. It can only be seen in terms of the impact that the matt-sanjiv experience will make on its existence.

			

		2.20.99

My Dear Siddharatha,

During our period of estrangement, our inward journey was around doubts as to “who I am” and, “what I stand for,” i.e. who is the authentic self? Am I this, or, am I that? 

Through thought alone, one transcends a situation (of this/that), and thus we transcended our 

situation, comprising of hurt and feelings of insult, by conceiving the fish-bowl. However, to act upon thought, (beginning with the memo allocating matt’s assistantship to sanjiv), is a contingent act… to survive, to live, to be represented. Our contingent act was a gesture demarcating matt-sanjiv representation. Gesture demarcates, and so we conceive of ourselves…

				

The fish-bowl is

 			a contingent act 

a gesture 

 			to exist. 

The betrayal 

of ideas 

is a death 

to being. 

To open one’s mind 

and one’s mental routine 

to the world

is to open one’s heart.

From, 

your very dear friend, Hermann Hesse.

Our Intent: to Play a Unique Role

Our intent is to play a unique role in education: to gain intellect not through verbal discourse per se but through presentation of thought and action; not through involvement with people in an outside world but in a Way Within or an Inward Way that presents world as inner landscape, and so carry out in practice our theme of awareness and unity of self.

Fear of Expressing Feelings

We do not always express Feelings because they’re often Confused, and even Frightening. However, to deny Feelings is to make false, restricted work. To be inauthentic and fake.

In the fish bowl we’re learning to touch Feelings. We touch through expression, i.e. expressing conceptions and perceptions of things, including each other. Particularly, differences like viking/sikh, west/east, physical/ mental, student/teacher,love/hate, and other such dimensions. 

We touch Feelings under public gaze. We have a need to go public with every thing that we say or do.

We’re developing a need to write.

Management Principle 1: Conceiving Ambiguity, Creating Possibility

Ambiguous space is nonhierarchical, horizontal. Its nodes intersect in random, unregulated networks in which any node can interconnect with any other node. We create a new form of rhizomatic knowledge by mixing metaphors. Rhizome is a complex metaphor that contrasts with rooted, 

traditional metaphors, such as, teacher/student. In the fish-bowl, matt-and-sanjiv celebrate their nomadic and schizophrenic qualities. 

We’re motivated to do this because to conceive of ambiguity is to create possibility, and the stronger the ambiguity, the greater is our creativity, and the more powerful our felt-experience.

In the fish-bowl, we’ve created an ambiguious relationship between ourselves: 

we’ve fulfilled all formal requirements (papers, etc.), yet we’re inconclusive about them (grades, etc.); 

we’re not involved in each others research, yet our interaction is research; 

matt is paid fifteen hours/week to assist sanjiv, yet it is sanjiv who assists matt.

The ambiguity in our relationship creates possibility because it allows us to be anything we want. This freedom makes us examine each other in ways we hadn’t been able to see before.

				

Management Principle 2: Creating Myth

The “fish-bowl” is an example of creating a myth. Myth is created inter-subjectively between matt and sanjiv.

“Myth (of matt-sanjiv-in-a-fish-bowl) is a system of communication, it is a message. It is a mode of signification, a form. We assign to this form historical limits, conditions of use, and reintroduce community into it: we must nevertheless first describe it as a form.” (roland barthes)

We use our imagination to describe our form of myth.

The matt-sanjiv form is diasporic ambiguity.

The college of business at URI is percieving and experiencing it.

	Management Principle 3: Create Myth/Intersubjectivity/Intertextuality

Intersubjectivity helps matt-sanjiv to see that most human experience and action goes on between the self and others.

Myth creates Inter-subjectivity; and Inter-subjectivity creates Myth. However, in the fish-bowl the notion of Intertextuality replaces that of Intersubjectivity. “Every text is constructed as a mosaic of other texts, every text is an absorbtion and transformation of other texts” (julia kristeva). Through their intersubjectivity and intertextuality, around the texts of T.E. Lawrence (Lawrence of Arabia), Rainer Rilke (German poet), and Thomas Becket (Archbishop of Canterbury), among others, matt-sanjiv create the myth of the fish-bowl. 

					2.19.99

Dear Matt,

Thank you for expressing feelings so eloquently through the mouth of Mr. Kappus. 

You are Mr. Kappus. 

When reading our exchange of letters, it is evident that one’s authentic self is indeed problematic in a situation where one can be anything one wants. 

		 			We can be friends forever.

Between ourselves: Mr. Kappus, T.E Lawrence, the English, Rilke, Sartre, Hesse, the German, Eriksen, Viking, Siddharatha, Buddha, the Indian, Eakins, the American, Dugal, Sikh, Baudelaire, the French, the West and the East, we’re creating an inter-textuality, an inter-subjectivity, and a shared memory. Indeed, we’re creating our context. We’re laying the foundation. 

Through this labyrinthe lies the inward journey of the subjective self. 

I find your words,“ Even when overcome by feelings of hate, I still knew that our relationship was a source of great knowledge and understanding” to be most telling of our universal condition, because the central problem is not an abstract one, but one of contingency: what we lack is certainty, confidence, sense of purpose to break paradoxical situations like feelings of hate/ and feelings of great understanding. That is, the more I hate, the more I understand, and the more I understand, the more I hate. 

			

If we had more access to our own past, to memory, to inter-textuality and inter-subjectivity, our sense of purpose would be immensely augmented. Hesse’s Steppenwolf expressed this sense of meaning due to re-possession of the past: 

“For moments together my heart stood still between delight and sorrow to find how rich was the gallery of my life, and how thronged the soul of the wretched steppenwolf with high eternal stars and constellations… the kernel of this life of mine was noble. It came of high descent and turned, not on trifles, but on the stars…”(Steppenwolf, Hesse).

From your friend, Sanjiv

Myth/Intersubjectivity/Intertextuality are Inter-connected. 

Inter-connectedness is the understanding that relations, connecting and opposing, exist. 

			Even lies are part of the truth.	

To be Inter-connected is To-Be-Aware-of-Other-Realities, 

i.e. to be aware of opposing myths, metaphors, dimensions, 

and their on-going interactive inter-subjectivities.

“matt-sanjiv-in-the-fish-bowl” are aware of the what, why, whom, and wherefrom concerning their myth.

					2.21.99

Dear Lief Erikson theViking,

One’s position within a relationship, like,Viking-Sikh, has to do with intersubjective interpretation, in other words, position is determined by our past (shared memory), our present (interpretation), and, our future (imagination). 

The activities representing the past, present, and future, are overlapping in the new millennium to the extent of becoming indistinguishable. We’re experiencing confusion, loss of control, etc. In such a situation, how do I determine my sense of self? 

To do so, I reveal a structure, or deconstruct one, or imaginatively construct one…here’s mine: “I was sent to these Arabs as a stranger, unable to think their thoughts or subscribe their beliefs, but charged by duty to lead them forward and to develop to the highest any movement of theirs profitable to England in her war. If I could not assume their character, I could atleast conceal my own, and pass among them without evident friction, neither a discord nor a critic but an unnoticed influence. Since I was their fellow I will not be their apologist or advocate. Today in my old garments, I could play the bystander, obedient to the sensibilities of our theatre…but it is more honest to record that these ideas and actions then passed naturally. What now looks wanton or sadic seemed in the field inevitable or just unimportant routine.” (T.E. Lawrence, Seven Pillars of Wisdom, 1926)

What is our intersubjective interpretation of the above text with regard to us, as Viking-Sikh? Here is a random list of specifics for us to address in the fish-bowl:

1. locate the fear

2. build history

3. zoom in and out

4. raise the stakes

5. get specific

6. explore the underside

Yours truly,

				

Sardar Bahadur Singh the Sikh

Management Principle 4: Experiencing Learning

In the fish-bowl the problem of Being takes precedence over that of Knowing (when acquiring a Ph.D. or anything else). 

“Being cannot be made a subject of objective enquiry; it is revealed to the individual by reflecting on his own unique concrete existence in time and space. Existence is basic: it is the fact of the individual’s presence and participation in a changing and potentially dangerous world. Each self-aware individual understands his own existence in terms of his experience of himself and of his situation. The self of which he is aware is a thinking being which has beliefs, hopes, fears, desires, the need to find a purpose, and a will that can determine his actions.” (sartre)

	Real and Unreal:

We are free to choose between authentic and fake as a form of existence. Freedom distinguishes between “authentic” and “inauthentic” forms of existence. 

In the fish-bowl we distinguish between authentic/fake on the basis of our endeavor to transcend a particular dimension or form. 

This endeavor is the matt-sanjiv form of Authenticity.

We are free to choose our reality.

	

Management Principle 5: Creating Reality as Representational Space

I can represent something (teacher), if you represent the other (student).

You can only represent something (youth), if I represent the other (mid-life).

in this dimension we are bound

Whenever we articulate other dimensions, other myths, other inter-subjectivites, other realities, other representational spaces, we ipso facto create a temporal and spatial disjunction. 

When we articulate the meaning of a new dimension, we experience temporal and spatial disjunction as representational space. 

	Matt & Sanjiv occupy several dimensions, but their spirits are free.

					Viking and Sikh

	

	Reality of Humility/Arrogance

Matt and Sanjiv are inter-connected on the following dimension:

Humility------------------------------------------ Arrogance

Our beings “connect and oppose in relation” to this dimension. 

It is one of several operating realities between us. 

The existence of humility in matt’s being is dependent upon the existence of arrogance in sanjiv’s being; 

and the existence of humility in sanjiv’s being is dependent upon the existence of arrogance in matt’s being.

 We’re hooked.

 		We can be anything we want. It’s all in our heads.

	

Our Method: the Interplay between Verbalized-Thought and Felt-Experience

In the fish-bowl, the interplay between our two distinct identities brought complexity and depth to our respective worlds. We interpreted text (and each-other), as we saw (perceived) and felt (experienced) it. Even as we respect another’s text, we brought our subjectivity to bear upon it. We infused the text with our individual being; not the other way round. The text did not infuse us. 

In other words, we used words as expressions of sensed-thought (felt-experience) rather than as verbalized-thought in promoting the idea of unity above the inner divisions between us. Our interpreted text reveals us and reflects on us.

Example of Verbalized-thought:

“That evening, I found that I had to untangle two different reactions, writing a description of the conversation and, carefully separated, an expression of my feelings as a member of another culture. Each person is calibrated by experience, almost like a measuring instrument for difference, so discomfort is informative and offers a starting point for new understanding. Indeed, what I had seen and heard would not have pushed me to reflection and generalization were it not for the urgency produced by the sense of difference.”

(Mary Catherine Bateson, Peripheral Visions, page 17)

Example of Felt-experience:

In the fish-bowl we found

we had to untangle two processes:

description of the script (between us), 

and carefully separated, 

expression of (our) feelings.

WORDS DESCRIBE, STEP BACK, FEELINGS EXPRESS

We experience difference through the expression of feelings.

Discomfort from difference is Information;

Information is a starting point for new Understanding.

		

EXPERIENCE DIFFERENCE THRU EXPRESSION

	(My) experence, 

Makes (me)

different (from you).

difference (from you)

Makes (me) 

experience (you).

 DIFFERENCE CREATES SOMETHING NEW

The urgency 

produced by our sense of difference

Forces us to 

Reflect and Transcend the situation.

From the above method, what we learned about ourselves and for the practice of management were the following:

Construct a text/written script

express feelings

expressing feelings makes for difference 

sense of difference produces urgency

 			urgency requires us to reflect, and to transcend

			the written text…

Principle activity: create a sense of difference to achieve unity above inner divisions.

It’ All In Our Heads

						Thank you

								Bye…for 

now.

Epilogue

Our revels now are ended,

These are actors, as I foretold you,

We’re all spirits, and are melted into air.

And like the baseless fabric of this vision,

The cloud capp’d towers, the gorgeous palaces,

The solemn temples, the great globe itself.

Yea all which it inherit shall dissolve,

And like this insubstantial pageant faded,

Leave not a rack behind.

We are such stuff, as dreams are made of,

And our little life is rounded,

With a sleep.

(from “The Tempest” by William Shakespeare)

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/17/2020 22:07:43
Subject: genesis of the fishbowl
------------------------------------------------------------
THE DEPTH

		OF AN EXAMINED RELATIONSHIP 

		

		IS MATCHED

		BY THE EXPANSE

		OF UNDERSTANDING AND FEELING:

Management Passion in the New Millennium

Presentation 

by matt & sanjiv, 

of matt & sanjiv, 

for matt & sanjiv.

 	 

 	Copyright, Letters To Matt, @dugal, 1999

Prologue

Midway, this way of life we’re bound upon

I woke to find myself in a dark wood,

Where the right road was wholly lost and gone.

Aye me, how hard to speak of it,

The rude and rough and stubborn forest,

The mere breath of memory stirs the old fear in the blood.

But when, at last, I stood beneath a steep hillside,

Which closed the valley’s wandering maze,

Whose dread had pierced me to the heart root deep.

Then I looked up and saw the morning rays

Mantle its shoulder from that planet bright

Which guides men’s feet aright

On all their ways.

		(from “Divina Commedia” by Dante Alighieri)

	

		 IN THE FISH-BOWL

Creating this fish-bowl is a performative act. It is a gesture for the continuation of a story... we’re writing as we go along… we do not know where it will lead, nor where it will end…but we know this for sure, it exists in our heads.

		

This is the story of two characters, matt and sanjiv, and the narrative unfolds in new england, at a small university near the ocean…where they’re swimming in a mental fish-bowl, combining Western sensibilities with Eastern ideas…in tryst with purpose, but shunning all direction, except an inner pressure to radicalize. One Viking, the other Sikh, they progress from liberating ego structures, through deeply bled wounds onto downward spirals of hatred and feelings of isolation, and then returning with renewed joy of understanding, forgiveness, and anticipation. Bringing a surging heritage (of bravery in battle) in their bloods, their forays range from existential arguments, to sudden affectionate détentes, and finally onto other arguments. Their relationship mirrors the profound changes in their lifestyles, in their conceptions of work, and of themselves. Determined to move away from conventional categories (of the division between self and other, of the representation of individuality, of established academic standards) in order to reflect a vision of themselves that transcends these boundaries in a new way. The two characters have an odd volatile nature to their wooing…their interactions end suddenly, and generally with puzzled amusement. They improvise, fabricate, and talk about dimensions and chemistry between people… at times their minds almost meet on the same page, until one makes a tiny faux pas that the other sees as shattering…they’re able to maintain this fragility by improvising from moment to moment. That is, they allow themselves to let their personalities and moods influence their performance but not alter the words or circumstances of the scene they enact in their minds…they really have very different ways of thinking, but are able to pass the ball back and forth easily, making for spontaneous fun.

So how do they do this in the fish-bowl? Like their characters, matt and sanjiv can’t agree. “The more I do it,” sanjiv said, “ the more I realize the character is me.” For matt, “it’s a matter of stripping down my defense mechanisms to being that vulnerable again.” Sanjiv countered: “I think for me it’s more building on top of me. I think.”

This interaction ended suddenly, as many interactions between matt and sanjiv, with puzzled bemusement.

Creating a Concept: the Fish-bowl

Instead of the idea of a relationship (like, teacher/student), attached to a real place (like, College of Business at URI), we created the idea of a place, attached to real people, namely, matt-and-sanjiv-in-a-fish-bowl. In this imaginary place, the Fish-bowl, with extraordinary patience and power, through words, we agreed to project awareness and unity of self as the principle theme. 

The Fish-bowl is a meeting place of the mind; it is a metaphysical place. There is no hiding here for matt-sanjiv because they’re simultaneously, observers and observed. 	

It cannot be assumed that the Fish-bowl is a determined, ordered system intelligible to the outsider who can discover the natural laws that govern matt-sanjiv, or that the role of reason is the power guiding matt-sanjiv.

Rationally and empirically, the Fish-bowl has no significance. It can only be seen in terms of the impact that the matt-sanjiv experience will make on its existence.

			

		2.20.99

My Dear Siddharatha,

During our period of estrangement, our inward journey was around doubts as to “who I am” and, “what I stand for,” i.e. who is the authentic self? Am I this, or, am I that? 

Through thought alone, one transcends a situation (of this/that), and thus we transcended our 

situation, comprising of hurt and feelings of insult, by conceiving the fish-bowl. However, to act upon thought, (beginning with the memo allocating matt’s assistantship to sanjiv), is a contingent act… to survive, to live, to be represented. Our contingent act was a gesture demarcating matt-sanjiv representation. Gesture demarcates, and so we conceive of ourselves…

				

The fish-bowl is

 			a contingent act 

a gesture 

 			to exist. 

The betrayal 

of ideas 

is a death 

to being. 

To open one’s mind 

and one’s mental routine 

to the world

is to open one’s heart.

From, 

your very dear friend, Hermann Hesse.

Our Intent: to Play a Unique Role

Our intent is to play a unique role in education: to gain intellect not through verbal discourse per se but through presentation of thought and action; not through involvement with people in an outside world but in a Way Within or an Inward Way that presents world as inner landscape, and so carry out in practice our theme of awareness and unity of self.

Fear of Expressing Feelings

We do not always express Feelings because they’re often Confused, and even Frightening. However, to deny Feelings is to make false, restricted work. To be inauthentic and fake.

In the fish bowl we’re learning to touch Feelings. We touch through expression, i.e. expressing conceptions and perceptions of things, including each other. Particularly, differences like viking/sikh, west/east, physical/ mental, student/teacher,love/hate, and other such dimensions. 

We touch Feelings under public gaze. We have a need to go public with every thing that we say or do.

We’re developing a need to write.

Management Principle 1: Conceiving Ambiguity, Creating Possibility

Ambiguous space is nonhierarchical, horizontal. Its nodes intersect in random, unregulated networks in which any node can interconnect with any other node. We create a new form of rhizomatic knowledge by mixing metaphors. Rhizome is a complex metaphor that contrasts with rooted, 

traditional metaphors, such as, teacher/student. In the fish-bowl, matt-and-sanjiv celebrate their nomadic and schizophrenic qualities. 

We’re motivated to do this because to conceive of ambiguity is to create possibility, and the stronger the ambiguity, the greater is our creativity, and the more powerful our felt-experience.

In the fish-bowl, we’ve created an ambiguious relationship between ourselves: 

we’ve fulfilled all formal requirements (papers, etc.), yet we’re inconclusive about them (grades, etc.); 

we’re not involved in each others research, yet our interaction is research; 

matt is paid fifteen hours/week to assist sanjiv, yet it is sanjiv who assists matt.

The ambiguity in our relationship creates possibility because it allows us to be anything we want. This freedom makes us examine each other in ways we hadn’t been able to see before.

				

Management Principle 2: Creating Myth

The “fish-bowl” is an example of creating a myth. Myth is created inter-subjectively between matt and sanjiv.

“Myth (of matt-sanjiv-in-a-fish-bowl) is a system of communication, it is a message. It is a mode of signification, a form. We assign to this form historical limits, conditions of use, and reintroduce community into it: we must nevertheless first describe it as a form.” (roland barthes)

We use our imagination to describe our form of myth.

The matt-sanjiv form is diasporic ambiguity.

The college of business at URI is percieving and experiencing it.

	Management Principle 3: Create Myth/Intersubjectivity/Intertextuality

Intersubjectivity helps matt-sanjiv to see that most human experience and action goes on between the self and others.

Myth creates Inter-subjectivity; and Inter-subjectivity creates Myth. However, in the fish-bowl the notion of Intertextuality replaces that of Intersubjectivity. “Every text is constructed as a mosaic of other texts, every text is an absorbtion and transformation of other texts” (julia kristeva). Through their intersubjectivity and intertextuality, around the texts of T.E. Lawrence (Lawrence of Arabia), Rainer Rilke (German poet), and Thomas Becket (Archbishop of Canterbury), among others, matt-sanjiv create the myth of the fish-bowl. 

					2.19.99

Dear Matt,

Thank you for expressing feelings so eloquently through the mouth of Mr. Kappus. 

You are Mr. Kappus. 

When reading our exchange of letters, it is evident that one’s authentic self is indeed problematic in a situation where one can be anything one wants. 

		 			We can be friends forever.

Between ourselves: Mr. Kappus, T.E Lawrence, the English, Rilke, Sartre, Hesse, the German, Eriksen, Viking, Siddharatha, Buddha, the Indian, Eakins, the American, Dugal, Sikh, Baudelaire, the French, the West and the East, we’re creating an inter-textuality, an inter-subjectivity, and a shared memory. Indeed, we’re creating our context. We’re laying the foundation. 

Through this labyrinthe lies the inward journey of the subjective self. 

I find your words,“ Even when overcome by feelings of hate, I still knew that our relationship was a source of great knowledge and understanding” to be most telling of our universal condition, because the central problem is not an abstract one, but one of contingency: what we lack is certainty, confidence, sense of purpose to break paradoxical situations like feelings of hate/ and feelings of great understanding. That is, the more I hate, the more I understand, and the more I understand, the more I hate. 

			

If we had more access to our own past, to memory, to inter-textuality and inter-subjectivity, our sense of purpose would be immensely augmented. Hesse’s Steppenwolf expressed this sense of meaning due to re-possession of the past: 

“For moments together my heart stood still between delight and sorrow to find how rich was the gallery of my life, and how thronged the soul of the wretched steppenwolf with high eternal stars and constellations… the kernel of this life of mine was noble. It came of high descent and turned, not on trifles, but on the stars…”(Steppenwolf, Hesse).

From your friend, Sanjiv

Myth/Intersubjectivity/Intertextuality are Inter-connected. 

Inter-connectedness is the understanding that relations, connecting and opposing, exist. 

			Even lies are part of the truth.	

To be Inter-connected is To-Be-Aware-of-Other-Realities, 

i.e. to be aware of opposing myths, metaphors, dimensions, 

and their on-going interactive inter-subjectivities.

“matt-sanjiv-in-the-fish-bowl” are aware of the what, why, whom, and wherefrom concerning their myth.

					2.21.99

Dear Lief Erikson theViking,

One’s position within a relationship, like,Viking-Sikh, has to do with intersubjective interpretation, in other words, position is determined by our past (shared memory), our present (interpretation), and, our future (imagination). 

The activities representing the past, present, and future, are overlapping in the new millennium to the extent of becoming indistinguishable. We’re experiencing confusion, loss of control, etc. In such a situation, how do I determine my sense of self? 

To do so, I reveal a structure, or deconstruct one, or imaginatively construct one…here’s mine: “I was sent to these Arabs as a stranger, unable to think their thoughts or subscribe their beliefs, but charged by duty to lead them forward and to develop to the highest any movement of theirs profitable to England in her war. If I could not assume their character, I could atleast conceal my own, and pass among them without evident friction, neither a discord nor a critic but an unnoticed influence. Since I was their fellow I will not be their apologist or advocate. Today in my old garments, I could play the bystander, obedient to the sensibilities of our theatre…but it is more honest to record that these ideas and actions then passed naturally. What now looks wanton or sadic seemed in the field inevitable or just unimportant routine.” (T.E. Lawrence, Seven Pillars of Wisdom, 1926)

What is our intersubjective interpretation of the above text with regard to us, as Viking-Sikh? Here is a random list of specifics for us to address in the fish-bowl:

1. locate the fear

2. build history

3. zoom in and out

4. raise the stakes

5. get specific

6. explore the underside

Yours truly,

				

Sardar Bahadur Singh the Sikh

Management Principle 4: Experiencing Learning

In the fish-bowl the problem of Being takes precedence over that of Knowing (when acquiring a Ph.D. or anything else). 

“Being cannot be made a subject of objective enquiry; it is revealed to the individual by reflecting on his own unique concrete existence in time and space. Existence is basic: it is the fact of the individual’s presence and participation in a changing and potentially dangerous world. Each self-aware individual understands his own existence in terms of his experience of himself and of his situation. The self of which he is aware is a thinking being which has beliefs, hopes, fears, desires, the need to find a purpose, and a will that can determine his actions.” (sartre)

	Real and Unreal:

We are free to choose between authentic and fake as a form of existence. Freedom distinguishes between “authentic” and “inauthentic” forms of existence. 

In the fish-bowl we distinguish between authentic/fake on the basis of our endeavor to transcend a particular dimension or form. 

This endeavor is the matt-sanjiv form of Authenticity.

We are free to choose our reality.

	

Management Principle 5: Creating Reality as Representational Space

I can represent something (teacher), if you represent the other (student).

You can only represent something (youth), if I represent the other (mid-life).

in this dimension we are bound

Whenever we articulate other dimensions, other myths, other inter-subjectivites, other realities, other representational spaces, we ipso facto create a temporal and spatial disjunction. 

When we articulate the meaning of a new dimension, we experience temporal and spatial disjunction as representational space. 

	Matt & Sanjiv occupy several dimensions, but their spirits are free.

					Viking and Sikh

	

	Reality of Humility/Arrogance

Matt and Sanjiv are inter-connected on the following dimension:

Humility------------------------------------------ Arrogance

Our beings “connect and oppose in relation” to this dimension. 

It is one of several operating realities between us. 

The existence of humility in matt’s being is dependent upon the existence of arrogance in sanjiv’s being; 

and the existence of humility in sanjiv’s being is dependent upon the existence of arrogance in matt’s being.

 We’re hooked.

 		We can be anything we want. It’s all in our heads.

	

Our Method: the Interplay between Verbalized-Thought and Felt-Experience

In the fish-bowl, the interplay between our two distinct identities brought complexity and depth to our respective worlds. We interpreted text (and each-other), as we saw (perceived) and felt (experienced) it. Even as we respect another’s text, we brought our subjectivity to bear upon it. We infused the text with our individual being; not the other way round. The text did not infuse us. 

In other words, we used words as expressions of sensed-thought (felt-experience) rather than as verbalized-thought in promoting the idea of unity above the inner divisions between us. Our interpreted text reveals us and reflects on us.

Example of Verbalized-thought:

“That evening, I found that I had to untangle two different reactions, writing a description of the conversation and, carefully separated, an expression of my feelings as a member of another culture. Each person is calibrated by experience, almost like a measuring instrument for difference, so discomfort is informative and offers a starting point for new understanding. Indeed, what I had seen and heard would not have pushed me to reflection and generalization were it not for the urgency produced by the sense of difference.”

(Mary Catherine Bateson, Peripheral Visions, page 17)

Example of Felt-experience:

In the fish-bowl we found

we had to untangle two processes:

description of the script (between us), 

and carefully separated, 

expression of (our) feelings.

WORDS DESCRIBE, STEP BACK, FEELINGS EXPRESS

We experience difference through the expression of feelings.

Discomfort from difference is Information;

Information is a starting point for new Understanding.

		

EXPERIENCE DIFFERENCE THRU EXPRESSION

	(My) experence, 

Makes (me)

different (from you).

difference (from you)

Makes (me) 

experience (you).

 DIFFERENCE CREATES SOMETHING NEW

The urgency 

produced by our sense of difference

Forces us to 

Reflect and Transcend the situation.

From the above method, what we learned about ourselves and for the practice of management were the following:

Construct a text/written script

express feelings

expressing feelings makes for difference 

sense of difference produces urgency

 			urgency requires us to reflect, and to transcend

			the written text…

Principle activity: create a sense of difference to achieve unity above inner divisions.

It’ All In Our Heads

						Thank you

								Bye…for 

now.

Epilogue

Our revels now are ended,

These are actors, as I foretold you,

We’re all spirits, and are melted into air.

And like the baseless fabric of this vision,

The cloud capp’d towers, the gorgeous palaces,

The solemn temples, the great globe itself.

Yea all which it inherit shall dissolve,

And like this insubstantial pageant faded,

Leave not a rack behind.

We are such stuff, as dreams are made of,

And our little life is rounded,

With a sleep.

(from “The Tempest” by William Shakespeare)

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/17/2020 22:04:33
Subject: what remains, where are we headed and what's coming up
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you doing? There was a general feeling in the food market today that it will be tough going this winter: “There was a chill in the air.”

These words evoke a general feeling and an experience. It is inter-subjective mental space among us in the fishbowl. Text and image made it so.

The purpose of your Homework assignments are to understand abstractions through experience. It is known as ‘Technologies of Lived Abstraction.’ 

Concepts must be experienced. They are lived.

The difficulty will not be any more than what you've been doing; the same methodologies you've been following thus far in your fishbowls. 

1. We are working on understanding Belief and Value Systems. By studying your Hofstede workbook, you will compare value systems across national cultures in terms of broad value differences. We will discuss four major differences, identified in Hofstede’s research, namely, power distance; uncertainty avoidance; individualism/collectivism; masculinity/femininity.You have to watch the films simultaneously, to keep up with your understanding of cultural concepts and, to develop your skills to bring the contract home. I need to see evidence in the fishbowl so i can proceed. 

We are inter-dependent and create each Other.

2. We will keep defining and refining our understanding of culture. We want skills that will prevent business losses when working internationally across cultures. There will be two more films (Japanese Story and Kinky Boots) which you will textually deconstruct in order to understand what we have to do to connect with each Other. 

3. The bottom line is: you've understood the process, you're practicing it for the semester. 

The mantra is: sort, sift, select, substitute. Check the words out. 

We are generating text, consciously, collaboratively and creatively to connect with the other side.

Sanjiv

ps: I am attaching below the genesis of the fishbowl. Please read.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/17/2020 16:27:27
Subject: Doing Assignments in 448
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are doing well and holding up. Through adversity we understand the meaning of 'strength of character.’ What do these words mean?

This is going to be a long letter so brace yourself. I am addressing 448, but I will mark a copy to 345 because the process/practice (methodology) are the same, viz.,

 

1. Participant-observation 

2. Symbolic interactionism 

3. Social constructivism, and 

4. Self-reflexivity.

I. Assignment 1: On-going ...

You are developing an 'operational definition' in an on-going experiential manner for each of the 4 methodologies above. 

The skills are known as critical reading and critical writing. It is also known as generative text. 

If you are sent overseas to bring the contract home, so to speak (like Todd Anderson in the film Outsourced), you will need these skills. 

The situation overseas has become Do or Die!

So what’s the assignment? 

1. Google search and scroll each methodology, and 

2. Select One sentence which represents an idea which you want to hold onto for each methodology.

3. Relate your own experience to this idea. 

4. Compare differences (of your sentence selections) with your group and become aware of the Other (please google the term Other). 

II. Assignment 2: Culture as Text

Experiencing culture as text is a buzz phrase most relevant in a digital environment. This paradigm originated in ethnology (please google), the discipline I belong to, where we interpret the term ‘cultural turn’ (please google) by analyzing all kinds of texts as symptoms of culture. A text (in the sense of literary theory) is any object that can be read.

Culture is based on interaction. “To put a text in writing is to place it openly at the disposal of the group as a whole.” In the language of systems theory (please google the term), writing opens “the possibility of assuming the position of a second-order observer, observing, criticizing, and refining, the observational instruments of others.” 

(Please see Niklas Luhmann: “The Form of Writing,” Stanford Literary Review, 9 (1992) p.36

So what’s the assignment?

1. Copy the text spoken in the two films, Moonrise Kingdom and Outsourced (please google). The words spoken in the films are the observations of the writers of these “moving images” and they represent two different cultures.

2. Select 5 sentences from each film which best represents the culture.

3. Reduce each sentence to one word (concept;symbol) which best represents the sentence. You will have 5+5 words in all. 

4. Infuse your felt-experiences for the above concepts. 

5. Compare and contrast your words with those of your group members.

Upshot: Cultural Studies (please google) do not examine cultures, rather, they examine “texts" --- written text from literature to philosophy to videos, films and similar cultural products. The focus is on the underlying attitudes that these “texts” imply: towards the relationship between man and woman, Westerners and Orientals, humans and post-humans, sane and insane, straight and queer folks, etc. What is male, what is oriental, what is human, what is madness, what is healthy, all this can be disclosed as a contingent social construction, a long story that turned out the way it did, but could have gone (m)any other way.

Our logic in the fishbowl that follows from this assignment is easy: if culture is made by society, it can be changed by society. Our constructions culled from the two films can be de-constructed. Cultural Studies in contrast to the study of culture, are texts among texts. They cannot pretend to stand outside the ‘object’ they observe; in fact, the whole distinction between object (the films) and subject (yourselves) becomes questionable.

III. Assignment 3: Copying on an ongoing manner...

Copying is still the best way for Learning and Creativity.

1. Select one sentence from every page in Peripheral Visions, by Mary Bateson

2. Read upto page 16 of Hofstede.

3. Vocabulary

4. Deconstructing and reflecting on Letters. 

Sanjiv

CULL

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/15/2020 11:17:14
Subject: critical thinking skills
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

The digital world is a textual one and it evokes and generates images. So when I write "How are you, I hope you are well," I create a digital textual world that evokes images that in turn evoke feelings.

How do we survive in a world that has become predominantly digital and everyone and everything has gone online? We are drowning in an endless stream of images that are real and imaginary and they affect our mental structures in dramatic ways.

In such a situation, how do we conduct business with each other.... in simple language and please, only the bottom-line ... "by reading what you have written makes it possible for you to improve what you have already written, while stimulating you and animating you to write what you have not yet written.” Paulo Freire

Critical rereading tells you whether or not you are writing with enough CLARITY. It is in the process of reading and rereading what you have already written that you become better able to write more EFFECTIVELY. We learn how to write when we REACT VIGOROUSLY to what we have written, DISCOVERING in the process that we are able either to improve our writing or to feel satisfied with what we have written.

"Critical reading is a more ACTIVE way of reading. It is a deeper and more complex engagement with a text. Critical reading is a process of analyzing, interpreting and, sometimes, evaluating." 

When we read critically, we use our critical thinking skills to QUESTION both the text and our own reading of it. Such writing gives deep pleasure as much as it has become a duty that we cannot reject, for it is a political project that must be met in order to conduct business. How so? To read critically in the very process of writing redirects our attention to whether or not we have achieved our desired goals. Andrew Bikash (Senior) and I experienced critical writing and reading across sixty letters over the summer during a raging pandemic.

Writing fills all our time as Entrepreneurs. Please see Alyssa Botelho’s excellent example of critical writing.

Sanjiv

PAULO FREIRE (please google)

from the fishbowl...

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 96

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Wed Oct 14, 2020 10:51 pm

Google Search: Rabindranath Tagore

Rabindranath Tagore was a Bengali polymath- poet, writer, composer, philosopher and painter. He reshaped Bengali literature and music, as well as Indian art with Contextual Modernism in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.

"You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water."

This quote reminds me of Professor Dugal's line "those who feel left out or left behind, only the Self can change that condition". We cannot wallow in our own setbacks if we are to overcome them. We've got to make the change that we want to experience. I've found that people romanticize their plans but dread the execution. The magic you're looking for is in the work you're avoiding.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/15/2020 11:16:43
Subject: critical thinking skills
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

The digital world is a textual one and it evokes and generates images. So when I write "How are you, I hope you are well," I create a digital textual world that evokes images that in turn evoke feelings.

How do we survive in a world that has become predominantly digital and everyone and everything has gone online? We are drowning in an endless stream of images that are real and imaginary and they affect our mental structures in dramatic ways.

In such a situation, how do we conduct business with each other.... in simple language and please, only the bottom-line ... "by reading what you have written makes it possible for you to improve what you have already written, while stimulating you and animating you to write what you have not yet written.” Paulo Freire

Critical rereading tells you whether or not you are writing with enough CLARITY. It is in the process of reading and rereading what you have already written that you become better able to write more EFFECTIVELY. We learn how to write when we REACT VIGOROUSLY to what we have written, DISCOVERING in the process that we are able either to improve our writing or to feel satisfied with what we have written.

"Critical reading is a more ACTIVE way of reading. It is a deeper and more complex engagement with a text. Critical reading is a process of analyzing, interpreting and, sometimes, evaluating." 

When we read critically, we use our critical thinking skills to QUESTION both the text and our own reading of it. Such writing gives deep pleasure as much as it has become a duty that we cannot reject, for it is a political project that must be met in order to conduct business. How so? To read critically in the very process of writing redirects our attention to whether or not we have achieved our desired goals. Andrew Bikash (Senior) and I experienced critical writing and reading across sixty letters over the summer during a raging pandemic.

Writing fills all our time as Entrepreneurs. Please see Alyssa Botelho’s excellent example of critical thinking. "The magic you're looking for is in the work you're avoiding." (Botelho, 2020)

Sanjiv

PAULO FREIRE (please google)

from the fishbowl...

AlyssaBotelho

Posts: 96

Joined: Mon Sep 07, 2020 5:26 pm

Wed Oct 14, 2020 10:51 pm

Google Search: Rabindranath Tagore

Rabindranath Tagore was a Bengali polymath- poet, writer, composer, philosopher and painter. He reshaped Bengali literature and music, as well as Indian art with Contextual Modernism in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.

"You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water."

This quote reminds me of Professor Dugal's line "those who feel left out or left behind, only the Self can change that condition". We cannot wallow in our own setbacks if we are to overcome them. We've got to make the change that we want to experience. I've found that people romanticize their plans but dread the execution. The magic you're looking for is in the work you're avoiding.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/29/2020 20:05:02
Subject: expansion of connectivity
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? Your fishbowl postings are on target. Your postings are in the range of B+ to A-.

Not difficult, I trust. But, you have to make your presence felt. Quantity and Quality are twins and are in motion together.

I. 

The purpose of our postings, like all businesses, is Growth. 

Growth Happens when the Mind Expands and, Growth is Experienced and Felt in the Mind.

Mulling over words and doodling are virtues in the digital world. Everything has changed! 

We are expanding mental structures and creating new mental structures in a textual knowledge economy. 

Our Words are the Elements in these structures.

Our mental structures are subjective and can’t be seen. 

The moment we speak/write, we materialize our structures for the purpose of sharing them. 

Sharing structures has utmost value in an egalitarian society. 

So far, if you are diligent and on top of things in the fishbowl, you are riding an A-.

Just Do It (Nike).

and

This Is It (Michael Jackson).

II.

The more we post, the greater the expansion of digital connectivity. In the fishbowl we are experiencing unprecedented production and use of digital information and this has transformed a host of arrangements among us. 

Our connectivity in the fishbowl has created new kinds of social interactions and social differences. 

For one thing, there is a different character to our interactions. We’ve changed from tight social units to loose social networks and this has affected how we interact and meet each other’s needs. For instance, there are some postings in the fishbowl that are more important for my impetus and inspiration than others, is one example that is universally true.

The point is that old structures are fading and the number of 'networked individuals' is expanding. 

As individuals we are becoming the central actors in social circumstances. 

To be sure, not all people are full-on networked individuals--clannish ethnic, racial, gender, class and local tribes still exist. Yet it is safe to assume that all of us in tightly bounded groups are still connected beyond our bubbles to the outside world by the Internet and mobile apps.

Sanjiv

CONNECT, BEYOND, BUBBLE, SOCIAL, NETWORK, MATERIALIZE, EGALITARIAN

from the fishbowl...

kiaradaley

Posts: 25

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 10:32 am

Tue Sep 29, 2020 12:21 am

"Structuralism"

"Notion of space." - "the theory of space can only be developed on the basis of a relativist conception."

Structuralism- "It works to uncover the structures that underlie all the things that humans do, think, perceive, and feel."

 Tue Sep 29, 2020 12:25 am

"Networked Individual"

The internet has been a huge part of our lives and is only becoming more and more important. We learn through the internet now.

"networked individualism" - "represents the shift of the classical model of social arrangements formed around hierarchical bureaucracies or social groups that are tightly-knit, like households and work groups, to connected individuals, using the means provided by the evolution of Information and communications technology."

kiaradaley

Posts: 25

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 10:32 am

Tue Sep 29, 2020 12:28 am

"Looking In The Mirror"

Our fishbowl is based on our imaginations. "Evoke feelings" putting our feelings and imaginations into this fishbowl is how we are going to learn. Understanding this and how the process works is what is going to help make us learn how to do these things and continuing to practice this.

kiaradaley

Posts: 25

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 10:32 am

Contact: Contact kiaradaley

Tue Sep 29, 2020 12:31 am

"Taking Stock"

As long as we are trying then we are doing what we were told to do.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/29/2020 12:59:29
Subject: ASSIGNMENT: Contemplating the Concepts of Beliefs and Values (1)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone, 

Good morning, I hope you are well.

Your first assignment in 448 is titled: Contemplating the Concepts of Beliefs & Values.

One's beliefs and values are determined by one's childhood and lineage, one’s education and experience, food and music; in a nutshell one's culture.

In 448, we have been looking at the meaning of the words, structures and systems (not so much as yet). 

So cultures have belief systems and value systems, and structures of feelings (please google along with Raymond Williams).

As individual decision-makers, operating in the context of your fishbowls, it would be relevant to ask: what is your belief system? What is your value system? What is the structure of your feelings?

How does one go about answering such questions?

For starters, please develop your understanding of the following words: BELIEF, VALUE, SYSTEM, STRUCTURE, FEELING, CULTURE.

Please make use of the Dictionary, Thesaurus, Wiki, Google Searches, Pictures, Films: mulling and doodling are all grist to your mill.

Please google Raymond Williams.

Belief is indeed subjective truth and so are values and they are like a lens through which we make sense of the world. 

Everyone believes their subjective truth to be the objective truth, and we cling to it firmly, as it determines our self-image and our self-esteem.

Belief and value systems play a key role in business: it determines choices and propels the decisions of buyers and sellers, regulators and shareholders, investors and entrepreneurs, employers and employees, vendors and customers. It determines how we do business, and what ultimately gets done.

So how do we learn to answer the question regarding one’s systems of beliefs and values and structures of feelings?

Stay tuned.

Sanjiv

LENS, SENSE-MAKING, SELF-IMAGE, SELF-ESTEEM

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/29/2020 1:56:56
Subject: belief&gt;&gt;behavior&gt;&gt;business
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? How do I say it like I mean it is the question.

In the Fall of 2020, the year of the pandemic, I consider each of you in BUS448, and myself, the Chief Belief Officer of the Future Group, aka, the Fishbowl. 

The idea behind this unusual designation is deliberate and simple: to startle our viewers and make them see the critical role of belief in businesses.

Our job as Chief Belief Officer (CBO) is neither to judge nor change beliefs, it is simply to articulate them. The intention is to expand our minds so that we can see the misalignment between business practices (that are blindly followed) and the beliefs of ‘other’ people (that we remain oblivious to).

When our minds are expanded, we are able to see more frameworks, understand the world better, take better decisions, ones that ensure a viable sustainable and happy business.

Belief is subjective truth, my truth and your truth, the lens through which we make sense of the world, i.e., our fishbowls.

Welcome to our world where our Beliefs determines our Behavior that determines our Business. 

A 3B Framework.

a. My Belief is not measurable but it answers the Why of my Intentions.

b. My Behavior is measurable, and it answers the How of my Task.

c. My Business is measurable, and it answers the What of my Targets.

Sanjiv

FRAMEWORK, BELIEF, EXPAND, SUBJECTIVE, TRUTH, BEHAVIOR, BUSINESS

from the fishbowl...

Warrensmall

Posts: 5

Joined: Tue Sep 08, 2020 8:59 pm

Thu Sep 17, 2020 7:40 pm

Getting into the zone is something that comes with time. I may not totally understand how fishbowl works yet, but I know that with hard work I will learn in time. We are all different and this time in our lives is as hectic as ever. All I will need to focus on is patience and how to use it to my advantage because, once I understand that, I am in my zone.

Warrensmall

Posts: 5

Joined: Tue Sep 08, 2020 8:59 pm

Mon Sep 21, 2020 6:30 pm

Keeping an open mind working through the tough process of life is how you get better. Overcoming tasks sometimes requires outside knowledge and experiences that you do not have yet. Communication is the key to getting that knowledge and without it, many people would be lost. The exchange of information is important and highly necessary to move ahead in life anywhere you are.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/28/2020 19:16:40
Subject: engagement with and construction of text
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Thank you for giving the assignment a shot. It gets easier. This was a tough one to begin with and you’re on the right track.

After taking Olivia Godell’s deconstruction further, and editing and re-editing, and after being aware of the very faculties Bergson talks about, I came up with the following two sentences:

1. The time it takes to understand something or someone requires focusing in the moment: deliberate, intentional and inventive.

What I take away from my construction/creation are the words: deliberate, intentional and inventive.

I would take those words further, and further construct/create an understanding.

I am thankful for realizing these 3 great words.

2. The conceptual elements in any invention come from within society.

What I take away from this is new ideas (words) and word-images come from one’s working vocabulary.

I realize that being engaged with text is crucial for creativity.

It is important to be honest with what one is learning. That means being engaged with text, and then reflecting back upon it.

Godell’s posting is excellent for a first attempt. She is in the A- category.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

I.

oliviagodell » Mon Sep 28, 2020 2:12 pm

My process in understanding this letter:

Bergson: “Duration can only be grasped through intuition and imagination.”

word-pool:

DURATION- the time during which something continues.

GRASP- get mental hold of; comprehend fully.

INTUITION- the ability to understand something immediately, without the need for conscious reasoning.

IMAGINATION- the faculty or action of forming new ideas, or images or concepts of external objects not present to the senses.

reconstruction: the time of which something continues can only be fully comprehended through the ability to understand something without conscious reasoning and forming new concepts and images outside of the senses.

II.

oliviagodell

Mon Sep 28, 2020 2:19 pm

“Construction of phantasms blends cultural ideas and sensory imagination.”

My first thought is to skip over this complex sentence. Then I remember that is what I am here for in the fishbowl- to sift through, deconstruct and reconstruct in a form that is relevant and understandable to me.

construct- form (an idea or theory) by bringing together various conceptual elements, typically over a period of time.

phantasms- a figment of the imagination; an illusion or apparition.

cultural- relating to the ideas, customs, and social behavior of a society.

imagination- the faculty or action of forming new ideas, or images or concepts of external objects not present to the senses.

reconstruction: by bringing together conceptual elements the formation of illusions or figments of the imagination blends ideas of societal behavior thoughts and customs, and creation of concepts of objects not present to one's senses.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/28/2020 15:17:46
Subject: restructuring Bergson
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well. Mental space is key in these tumultuous (chaotic and confusing) times and discernment the skill to sharpen. Stay with it. You are writing your life with your own script, which you are writing in the moment; selecting words. Our lives in the fishbowl are the last sentence we constructed and created.

Reading about Bergsonism and Phantasmal Media in April Younkin’s excellent sharing below....where ever she may have taken it from.. I want to make sense of these ideas; my point of departure; my stepping out and forward.

How do I do so? How do I construct and create (two separate things) meaning in my textual life is the underlying question, always.

Bergson: “Duration can only be grasped through intuition and imagination.” Wow, that is quite a statement. What does it mean? I don’t necessarily want to know what Bergson meant, as much as what meaning can I infuse into this statement? 

So I look up the following words and create a word-pool: DURATION, GRASP, INTUITION, IMAGINATION. 

I restructure the original statement by substituting words from the word-pool. I don’t know what the outcome of this re-structure will be...I have neither goal nor objective but an inner drive to create something that has meaning to me. This is the driving force in a digital environment that is unknowable and unpredictable.

Please be sure to post this assignment. We take it forward from there. 

Some thoughts for your consideration...

When you finish with the re-structuring, the second statement will make better sense: “Construction of phantasms blends cultural ideas and sensory imagination.”

What is the upshot? Construct and create fishbowls and make them central to your life.

Sanjiv

CONSTRUCT, CREATE, SCRIPT, INFUSE, RESTRUCTURE, TUMULTOUS, CHAOS, CONFUSE, DISCERN

from the fishbowl...

aprilyounkin

Posts: 42

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 8:40 pm

Mon Sep 28, 2020 2:00 am

Bergsonism: Philosophy of Henri Bergson

- Duration can only be grasped through intuition and imagination. An image does not have the capability to fully capture duration. Also, we suppress our “elan vital” and manage our lives with logic as we treat new experiences as repetitions of previous ones.

Phantasmal Media: An Approach to Imagination, Computation, and Expression: By D. Fox Harrell.

- Greatly expressive power of computational media arises from the construction of phantasms. It blends cultural ideas and sensory imagination. I have never heard about this before, but it seems very mysterious.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/27/2020 19:58:08
Subject: taking stock
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? 

Taking stock: what are we doing?

We are constructing and creating aphorisms, axioms, adages, and abstractions. 

Maxims and pithy statements.

We move easily between abstraction and particularity.

Reflection and evocative meditation.

We are reconnecting with positive feelings through our words and images.

We are tapping into memory and pictures and sharing them expressively.

We are structuring and re-structuring words and learning to connect across the aisle. 

Our fishbowl will continue to be grounded in deep learning (google) and, 

the fundamental practice of taking and making notes will be our source for creative action. 

We are not linear but we can be discerned in patterns and layers, 

continuously in motion, shifting, and taking on new forms.

As individuals, we are works of art in progress.

Our feelings are fluid and flowing and familiar.

We explore dimensions that include the gestures, rhythms, and tonalities of self-expression.

We are never overwhelmed because we are trying 

to enhance, to enchant, to express, to entice, never to enforce.

Even our silence speaks.

In the fishbowl, it is not about catching-up but joining-in. 

We are welcomed every time we enter. 

Sanjiv

FLUID, FLOW, FAMILIAR, RHYTHM, GESTURE, TONE, ENHANCE, ENCHANT, ENTICE, EVOKE, ENFORCE, MAXIM, PITHY, APHORISM, ADAGE, AXIOM, ABSTRACTION, PARTICULAR

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/27/2020 19:57:11
Subject: taking stock
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? 

Taking stock: what are we doing?

We are constructing and creating aphorisms, axioms, adages, and abstractions. 

Maxims and pithy statements.

We move easily between abstraction and particularity.

Reflection and evocative meditation.

We are reconnecting with positive feelings through our words and images.

We are tapping into memory and pictures and sharing them expressively.

We are structuring and re-structuring words and learning to connect across the aisle. 

Our fishbowl will continue to be grounded in deep learning (google) and, 

the fundamental practice of taking and making notes will be our source for creative action. 

We are not linear but we can be discerned in patterns and layers, 

continuously in motion, shifting, and taking on new forms.

As individuals, we are works of art in progress.

Our feelings are fluid and flowing and familiar.

We explore dimensions that include the gestures, rhythms, and tonalities of self-expression.

We are never overwhelmed because we are trying 

to enhance, to enchant, to express, to entice, never to enforce.

Even our silence speaks.

In the fishbowl, it is not about catching-up but joining-in. 

We are welcomed every time we enter. 

Sanjiv

FLUID, FLOW, FAMILIAR, RHYTHM, GESTURE, TONE, ENHANCE, ENCHANT, ENTICE, EVOKE, ENFORCE, MAXIM, PITHY, APHORISM, ADAGE, AXIOM, ABSTRACTION, PARTICULAR

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/27/2020 12:21:15
Subject: before the selfie was the self-portrait
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

‘Before the selfie was the self-portrait.'

The self-portrait is the way to go and you are doing it well in your fishbowls. 

I’m speaking from a Business and Human Resource point-of-view. Congratulations! 

I told you it isn’t difficult. The best part is it gets easier: the making of a self-portrait.

Please see the attachment below from today’s Sunday New York Times, "Seeing Our Own Reflection in the Birth of the Self-Portrait"

By Jason Farago.

https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/09/25/arts/durer-self-portrait.html?campaign_id=9&emc=edit_nn_20200927&instance_id=22575&nl=the-morning&regi_id=60532407&section_index=1&section_name=big_story&segment_id=39160&te=1&user_id=46f3ba3bfdc6285c1a22b3e5dd6b8d94

Sanjiv

PORTRAIT, SELF, REPRESENTATION, DESCRIPTION, REFLECTION

from the fishbowl...

josephdugas

Posts: 66

Joined: Wed Sep 02, 2020 2:35 pm

Sat Sep 26, 2020 11:47 am

looking in the mirror 

"Is it ourselves we see, or what we imagine of ourselves? This imagination of ourselves is a mental image of ourselves. It has a word-image to it; a metaphor. The strong can imagine themselves as weak, the beautiful can imagine themselves as strong, a villain can imagine himself as a hero. In the digital sphere, no one can stop us from imagining ourselves in any way. We can be whatever we want. By the same token, you can get whatever you want; but that is another story."

I agree with these statements. In life, you can imagine yourself to be whoever you want to be. You can manifest whatever you'd like in life with putting in the right procedures. Imagination is a strong tool to think about what you like, what you hope for, and endless possibilities to one day accomplish these aspects. Life is important, and so is the ability to imagine. You can only get so far with little to no imagination. I believe the most successful/happiest people are the ones that imagined where they are today at some point long ago.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/27/2020 12:20:28
Subject: before the selfie was the self-portrait
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

‘Before the selfie was the self-portrait.'

The self-portrait is the way to go and you are doing it well in your fishbowls. 

I’m speaking from a Business and Human Resource point-of-view. Congratulations! 

I told you it isn’t difficult. The best part is it gets easier: the making of a self-portrait.

Please see the attachment below from today’s Sunday New York Times, "Seeing Our Own Reflection in the Birth of the Self-Portrait"

By Jason Farago.

https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/09/25/arts/durer-self-portrait.html?campaign_id=9&emc=edit_nn_20200927&instance_id=22575&nl=the-morning&regi_id=60532407&section_index=1&section_name=big_story&segment_id=39160&te=1&user_id=46f3ba3bfdc6285c1a22b3e5dd6b8d94

Sanjiv

PORTRAIT, SELF, REPRESENTATION, DESCRIPTION, REFLECTION

from the fishbowl...

josephdugas

Posts: 66

Joined: Wed Sep 02, 2020 2:35 pm

Sat Sep 26, 2020 11:47 am

looking in the mirror 

"Is it ourselves we see, or what we imagine of ourselves? This imagination of ourselves is a mental image of ourselves. It has a word-image to it; a metaphor. The strong can imagine themselves as weak, the beautiful can imagine themselves as strong, a villain can imagine himself as a hero. In the digital sphere, no one can stop us from imagining ourselves in any way. We can be whatever we want. By the same token, you can get whatever you want; but that is another story."

I agree with these statements. In life, you can imagine yourself to be whoever you want to be. You can manifest whatever you'd like in life with putting in the right procedures. Imagination is a strong tool to think about what you like, what you hope for, and endless possibilities to one day accomplish these aspects. Life is important, and so is the ability to imagine. You can only get so far with little to no imagination. I believe the most successful/happiest people are the ones that imagined where they are today at some point long ago.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/26/2020 15:04:49
Subject: looking in the mirror
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? Your posts are extraordinary; even the most mundane of activities like doing your vocabulary. 

Re-reading the meaning of words as a daily practice is a ritual that helps enter a space where a particular conversation, a dialog (please google David Bohm, On Dialog), and discourse is taking place. More on this as process. Whenever I enter such spaces, and the reason for my entering such spaces is that I want to be intelligent, focused, alive and imaginative. Eye Ball-to-Eye Ball, Face-to-Face and, Heart-to-Heart. How does one do it?

In the fishbowl, you do it by looking in a mirror. 

"What do you see?" 

It is your imaginary self.

You Fishbowl Society is nothing without imagination.

Is it ourselves we see, or what we imagine of ourselves? This imagination of ourselves is a mental image of ourselves. It has a word-image to it; a metaphor. The strong can imagine themselves as weak, the beautiful can imagine themselves as strong, a villain can imagine himself as a hero. In the digital sphere, no one can stop us from imagining ourselves in any way. We can be whatever we want. By the same token, you can get whatever you want; but that is another story.

I imagine ourselves as Footnotes but in the Center of the Page. Every human being wants to feel they matter; that their contribution to the social has significance. Social structures grant this value through symbols. The symbolic domain is built from our imaginations; our metaphors; our word-images; our feelings. More on symbols to follow. 

Evoke feelings. Put them at the center of everything, so that creativity can proceed. So you are feeling overwhelmed, confused and exhausted. And you want to feel the opposite of that. What should you do? 

This is new to me: Become conscious of your breath. The flow of air through your body. And thus you will arrive in the moment. After that, start with the rituals. It is stretching exercises: Vocabulary and Google Searches. 

Scroll, scroll, scrolling in a haystack, looking for that sentence, that Gem, that is to be the Centerpiece of your understanding.

Get the process and practice down so you can run with the wolves. We are moving along with a handful of concepts. We will keep returning to them. Today I will draw out a conceptual vision of 345 for the rest of the semester. And I have to complete yesterday’s reading of Bateson in 448 and dive into Hofstede’s workbook. You should stay ahead of me, because you are looking for Gems and Insights. You want to be successful! You want to be well and positive.

Sanjiv

MUNDANE, RITUAL, CONVERSATION, DIALOG (David Bohm), DISCOURSE, MIRROR, SEE, SELF, IMAGINE, CENTERPIECE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/26/2020 15:04:10
Subject: looking in the mirror
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? Your posts are extraordinary; even the most mundane of activities like doing your vocabulary. 

Re-reading the meaning of words as a daily practice is a ritual that helps enter a space where a particular conversation, a dialog (please google David Bohm, On Dialog), and discourse is taking place. More on this as process. Whenever I enter such spaces, and the reason for my entering such spaces is that I want to be intelligent, focused, alive and imaginative. Eye Ball-to-Eye Ball, Face-to-Face and, Heart-to-Heart. How does one do it?

In the fishbowl, you do it by looking in a mirror. 

"What do you see?" 

It is your imaginary self.

You Fishbowl Society is nothing without imagination.

Is it ourselves we see, or what we imagine of ourselves? This imagination of ourselves is a mental image of ourselves. It has a word-image to it; a metaphor. The strong can imagine themselves as weak, the beautiful can imagine themselves as strong, a villain can imagine himself as a hero. In the digital sphere, no one can stop us from imagining ourselves in any way. We can be whatever we want. By the same token, you can get whatever you want; but that is another story.

I imagine ourselves as Footnotes but in the Center of the Page. Every human being wants to feel they matter; that their contribution to the social has significance. Social structures grant this value through symbols. The symbolic domain is built from our imaginations; our metaphors; our word-images; our feelings. More on symbols to follow. 

Evoke feelings. Put them at the center of everything, so that creativity can proceed. So you are feeling overwhelmed, confused and exhausted. And you want to feel the opposite of that. What should you do? 

This is new to me: Become conscious of your breath. The flow of air through your body. And thus you will arrive in the moment. After that, start with the rituals. It is stretching exercises: Vocabulary and Google Searches. 

Scroll, scroll, scrolling in a haystack, looking for that sentence, that Gem, that is to be the Centerpiece of your understanding.

Get the process and practice down so you can run with the wolves. We are moving along with a handful of concepts. We will keep returning to them. Today I will draw out a conceptual vision of 345 for the rest of the semester. And I have to complete yesterday’s reading of Bateson in 448 and dive into Hofstede’s workbook. You should stay ahead of me, because you are looking for Gems and Insights. You want to be successful! You want to be well and positive.

Sanjiv

MUNDANE, RITUAL, CONVERSATION, DIALOG (David Bohm), DISCOURSE, MIRROR, SEE, SELF, IMAGINE, CENTERPIECE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/26/2020 2:36:45
Subject: the networked individual
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

The Internet has become the fabric into which our lives are woven. Communication is the essence of being human; and, the internet represents a quantum leap in the transformation of communication.

The social meaning of this interactive, multidirectional, global, digital network of communications has emerged on the dimension of utopia-dystopia.

Utopians hail the era of freedom from the state and from big corporations.

Dystopians warn against isolation and alienation in society.

Furthermore, Big Brother uses the internet to construct a digital panopticon and establishes a surveillance system as never before possible.

Both positions on the dimension have been proven to be right and wrong at the same time. 

On the one hand, as individuals we have enhanced capacities to construct networks in our lives and create spaces (structures) of autonomy that impacts everything for us, from business to education to innovation and creativity.

On the other hand, states have rushed to set up sophisticated systems of censorship, by blocking access to websites, by approving and enforcing restrictive legislation, by engaging in cyber warfare, and by inducing massive disinformation, amplified by armies of robots that populate digital networks. The structures of these networks are controlled by massive oligopolies who transform our lives into data, the source of their profits: data capitalism is a fundamental industry of the 21st century economy.

A new pattern of sociability has emerged in the fishbowl: it is what we conceptualize as 'networked individualism.’ In our world of the fishbowl, 'it is the person who is the focus.'

From wiki:

Definition[edit]

The networked individuals are members of diverse groups in which they seek different things; for instance, the same set of individuals could be in a group used to seek emotional support while another group might be used to get good addresses in a city. Those groups can be dispersed around the globe, and the combination of those networks make for a highly individualized, and well-networked, person.

This new world of networked individualism is oriented around looser, more fragmented networks that provide on-demand succor. Such networks had already formed before the coming of the internet. In incorporating the internet and mobile phones into their lives, people have changed the ways they interact with each other. They have become increasingly networked as individuals, rather than embedded in groups. In the world of networked individuals, it is the person who is the focus; more than the family, the work unit, the neighborhood, and the social group.

Sanjiv

SOCIABILITY, PATTERN, NETWORK, INDIVIDUALISM, DIMENSION, UTOPIA, DYSTOPIA

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/25/2020 15:10:17
Subject: structuralism
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I hope you’re well and at it and on it. Rev it up and keep positive by focusing on concepts. Developing abstract thoughts. Taking somersaults in the mind. Perfect day!

I think we might turn the corner from process/practice and begin to conceptualize society. I’ve been pondering from where, how and when to enter this space with you. Understanding the notion of space, that is.

At this point I am presuming you have a sense of the meaning of structure. Structure is an arrangement of elements. This arrangement creates a space. This space determines our physical behavior (movement, flow, position) and emotion, our feelings. Every thing has a structure and a design and it exists in space. Please see the picture below as an example.

Please read wiki on Structuralism. A sweeping introduction. We are not alone. Try and relate to specific sentences. Treat it as a challenge that you cannot miss for fear of being left behind forever. Our behavior and experience of the fishbowl is determined by its structure. If we can see that, then we are ’structuralists.’ 

Anthropologist Adam Kuper (1973) argued that:

'Structuralism' came to have something of the momentum of a millennial movement and some of its adherents felt that they formed a secret society of the seeing in a world of the blind. Conversion was not just a matter of accepting a new paradigm. It was, almost, a question of salvation.

Take the weekend getting a handle on structuralism. I hope the pictures below help. Understanding comes and then it goes, I’ve noticed. Hanging onto understanding is the challenge.

Sanjiv

STRUCTURE, DESIGN, ARRANGEMENT, ELEMENT, MOVEMENT, FLOW, POSITION, FEELING

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/25/2020 0:59:08
Subject: adapting and improvising
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

 I said to myself, I better do my reading/writing before turning the lights out, or else I won’t have a deep sleep. 

On page 8 of Peripheral Visions, Bateson writes:

“Adaptation comes out of encounters with novelty that may seem chaotic. In trying to adapt, we may need to deviate from cherished values, behaving in ways we have barely glimpsed.”

In your fishbowls, you are adapting, you are improvising, and you are doing a great job pulling it off (producing meaningful text).

Sanjiv

ADAPT, ENCOUNTER, NOVELTY, CHAOS, DEVIATE, CHERISH, VALUES, BEHAVIOR, IMPROVISE, BARELY, GLIMPSE

from the fishbowl...

JosephSt.Jean

Posts: 6

Joined: Tue Sep 08, 2020 10:22 am

Thu Sep 24, 2020 6:56 pm

Experiential Learning

Kolb's theory on experiential learning is as the name describes. People learn best through experience. But the question he poses is what is experience? And how is experience experienced through different minds? It is an experience to go to a bull fight and an altogether different experience to be a bullfighter. At one point in my life I would have said that the bullfighter has the better and more clear experience but is that true? Does the bullfighter experience the jostle of the crowd? The swearing, fights and gambling? Does he hear a lone voice shout over a momentary silent lull? Does he feel the chorus of laughter the comment gets or does he toss his drink at the hammered patron? And what of the onlooker? Does he experience thousands of eyes on him, the skill of his own form, the nervousness or command in his flourishes? 

Kolb has broken down the experiential learning cycle into four parts; concrete experience, reflection, abstract conceptualization, and active experimentation. There is no set starter point for how to learn. If you want to learn how to solve a Rubik's cube, what's the first step? Do you take one out and start twisting? Do you visualize how to move one square to a different corner? Do you watch a YouTube video on how it's done? Do you think about other similar puzzles and how those worked? And moreover, how does your current circumstance change how you wish to learn? Does it change with the project? If something seems like a large daunting task, I will look for examples on how it has been done in the past and create a roadmap for its completion. If it seems small and trivial, I'll dive right in. If eyes are watching and I'm alone, I'll take a measured conceptual approach. In a group setting with a physical task I'll dive right in. 

So how to translate this into an individual or group setting? Individually the answer comes naturally. Whatever you are first drawn to is the right answer. Even if it's slow going, the first step is always the biggest when diving into a new project. In a group it will take a discussion. Can we empathize with another's learning needs? If we can't, can we sympathize and make concessions? Each member can start at a different point of the learning process and compare experiences when the next step is taken. Kolb has created a win-win; learning while producing.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/24/2020 13:20:38
Subject: from the desk of April Younkin
------------------------------------------------------------
aprilyounkin

Posts: 30

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 8:40 pm

Thu Sep 24, 2020 12:13 am

Prof. Sanjiv clearly expresses the importance of words. Words are the foundation to basically everything. We hear words from the moment we are born. We go to school to learn words and we never stop learning new ones. It is inevitable and ongoing. To jump to the point, games and mobile apps have found fun ways to play with words. We are able to exercise our minds with word exposure without it feeling like we are being schooled. 

For example, word games on mobile apps are popular. There is WordTrip, Wordscapes, Words with Friends, Word Stacks, and Word Search just to name a few. You can play with words whenever and where ever you go. They are challenging yet fun, and you forget that you are learning.

Also, during early quarantine in the summer, my family and I would play Bananagrams to help pass the time. We had nowhere to go and nothing much to do. The goal of the game is to make words as fast as you can and build more words off of the ones you already have. Almost like Scrabble, but slightly different and with speed. The challenge is that you have to work with what you have, which forces you to sort, sift, substitute, and organize your letters in several different combinations to win. My parents have their Master’s degree in English, and my sister is currently getting hers in teaching writing. They love words making my competition tough to beat.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/24/2020 13:19:55
Subject: from the desk of April Younkin
------------------------------------------------------------
aprilyounkin

Posts: 30

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 8:40 pm

Thu Sep 24, 2020 12:13 am

Prof. Sanjiv clearly expresses the importance of words. Words are the foundation to basically everything. We hear words from the moment we are born. We go to school to learn words and we never stop learning new ones. It is inevitable and ongoing. To jump to the point, games and mobile apps have found fun ways to play with words. We are able to exercise our minds with word exposure without it feeling like we are being schooled. 

For example, word games on mobile apps are popular. There is WordTrip, Wordscapes, Words with Friends, Word Stacks, and Word Search just to name a few. You can play with words whenever and where ever you go. They are challenging yet fun, and you forget that you are learning.

Also, during early quarantine in the summer, my family and I would play Bananagrams to help pass the time. We had nowhere to go and nothing much to do. The goal of the game is to make words as fast as you can and build more words off of the ones you already have. Almost like Scrabble, but slightly different and with speed. The challenge is that you have to work with what you have, which forces you to sort, sift, substitute, and organize your letters in several different combinations to win. My parents have their Master’s degree in English, and my sister is currently getting hers in teaching writing. They love words making my competition tough to beat.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/24/2020 13:13:22
Subject: say it like you mean it
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? During this time of the pandemic, I've learnt to keep my use of technology simple because I don’t want to waste the most precious resource: Time.

Time doing what? The answer is best expressed by Kelsie Poplawski in the line below.

There is no need to conform to anything or have the exact answer, your own answer that you come up with is good enough.

I find Kelsie Poplawski’s reflection in her posting below quite extraordinary and her phrase, “come up with" is learning from experience. 

Spend time on "coming up" with your own answer. Doodle with a pen. Edit and re-edit. Be engaged with words in an on going manner. It is How we are most Human. 

Your fishbowl is "experiential learning.” Please be sure to google this term, and enter it in your bio-data. You will be comfortable doing so by the end of the semester.

In 345 we will experientially learn about the characteristics of successful global businesses.

In 448, we are learning to perceive differences in values and beliefs between ourselves; identifying the cultural lenses that we wear.

Our methodological approach is the same in all my courses, and we go through the basics of these methodologies each time. If you’re finding its vocabulary onerous, then you are grounded in the 20th century that required different skills. And, there is of course a place for that in this century. I was trained to be an Econometrician (loved the stuff) and my studies and dissertation was on Technological Strategies of Businesses in New England. I divided firms in three environments and then went about it. 

I was never into touchy-feely and was uncomfortable with ambiguity.

Today, with rapid technological and managerial changes, there is little point in acquiring skills that will be done by Robots by the time you enter the job market. That is to say, you don’t need a college degree to do them. Management was considered a science and all about Taylorism then. Cause and effect. My research too was all numbers. A multivariate analysis which had variables generating enough data to publish forever. I had ‘boxes' and ‘ rrows' all over the place. I was loved by a rapt audience, every time I presented. I got my tenure!

I left all that behind after I learnt to “listen” to those in business in RI. Here’s what I heard: "URI Business students are sincere and make excellent presentations but they don’t know what it means. And so, we’d rather not hire them."

I jumped 20 years later, having taken Linda Smircich’s (please google her name) class in 1985 at UMass, Amherst. Her Doctoral seminar was known as Multi-Paradigm Approaches to Organizational Analysis. She wrote the book with Gareth Morgan. The first text book to hit the business academic scene in America, and I was sitting in her class. I was awe-struck. I will remain in awe of Smircich, because "she says it like she means it,” ... a regular, simple gal from Pennsylvania.

We have to learn how to say it like we mean it. It takes Experience and Reflection. Please keep that in mind.

Sanjiv

EXPERIENTIAL LEARNING (please google), PARADIGM, TAYLORISM,

from the fishbowl...

 

kelsiepoplawski

Posts: 91

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 11:45 am

 Mon Sep 21, 2020 9:37 pm

Email: Bergsonism and Phantasms 9/19/20 

"Bergsonism" 

The theories of the philosopher Bergson according to whom the world is a process of creative evolution in which the novelty of successive phenomena rather than the constancy of natural law is the significant fact, reality being regarded as time or duration that is the same as free motion and that is the expression of a vital impetus or creative force while the space world of science and common sense is taken to be an interpretation put upon sense images in the interest of practical activity and as a falsification of free-moving reality so that a true apprehension of reality is to be gained not by the analytic procedures of mathematics and science but by that intuition that can grasp wholes as such.

""Phantasmal Media"

An argument that great expressive power of computational media arises from the

construction of phantasms—blends of cultural ideas and sensory imagination. In

Phantasmal Media, D. Fox Harrell considers the expressive power of computational media.

He argues, forcefully and persuasively, that the great expressive potential of computational

media comes from the ability to construct and reveal phantasms—blends of cultural ideas

and sensory imagination. 

First looking at these definitions it was very overwhelming for me. Many big words that when put together make a complicated sentence. The fishbowl is not backed by a dictionary definition, by math, by science or anything that has a true definite answer. This is a place to express your own kind of art and imagination. There is no need to conform to anything or have the exact answer, your own answer that you come up with is good enough.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/24/2020 13:12:41
Subject: say it like you mean it
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? During this time of the pandemic, I've learnt to keep my use of technology simple because I don’t want to waste the most precious resource: Time.

Time doing what? The answer is best expressed by Kelsie Poplawski in the line below.

There is no need to conform to anything or have the exact answer, your own answer that you come up with is good enough.

I find Kelsie Poplawski’s reflection in her posting below quite extraordinary and her phrase, “come up with" is learning from experience. 

Spend time on "coming up" with your own answer. Doodle with a pen. Edit and re-edit. Be engaged with words in an on going manner. It is How we are most Human. 

Your fishbowl is "experiential learning.” Please be sure to google this term, and enter it in your bio-data. You will be comfortable doing so by the end of the semester.

In 345 we will experientially learn about the characteristics of successful global businesses.

In 448, we are learning to perceive differences in values and beliefs between ourselves; identifying the cultural lenses that we wear.

Our methodological approach is the same in all my courses, and we go through the basics of these methodologies each time. If you’re finding its vocabulary onerous, then you are grounded in the 20th century that required different skills. And, there is of course a place for that in this century. I was trained to be an Econometrician (loved the stuff) and my studies and dissertation was on Technological Strategies of Businesses in New England. I divided firms in three environments and then went about it. 

I was never into touchy-feely and was uncomfortable with ambiguity.

Today, with rapid technological and managerial changes, there is little point in acquiring skills that will be done by Robots by the time you enter the job market. That is to say, you don’t need a college degree to do them. Management was considered a science and all about Taylorism then. Cause and effect. My research too was all numbers. A multivariate analysis which had variables generating enough data to publish forever. I had ‘boxes' and ‘ rrows' all over the place. I was loved by a rapt audience, every time I presented. I got my tenure!

I left all that behind after I learnt to “listen” to those in business in RI. Here’s what I heard: "URI Business students are sincere and make excellent presentations but they don’t know what it means. And so, we’d rather not hire them."

I jumped 20 years later, having taken Linda Smircich’s (please google her name) class in 1985 at UMass, Amherst. Her Doctoral seminar was known as Multi-Paradigm Approaches to Organizational Analysis. She wrote the book with Gareth Morgan. The first text book to hit the business academic scene in America, and I was sitting in her class. I was awe-struck. I will remain in awe of Smircich, because "she says it like she means it,” ... a regular, simple gal from Pennsylvania.

We have to learn how to say it like we mean it. It takes Experience and Reflection. Please keep that in mind.

Sanjiv

EXPERIENTIAL LEARNING (please google), PARADIGM, TAYLORISM,

from the fishbowl...

 

kelsiepoplawski

Posts: 91

Joined: Wed Sep 09, 2020 11:45 am

 Mon Sep 21, 2020 9:37 pm

Email: Bergsonism and Phantasms 9/19/20 

"Bergsonism" 

The theories of the philosopher Bergson according to whom the world is a process of creative evolution in which the novelty of successive phenomena rather than the constancy of natural law is the significant fact, reality being regarded as time or duration that is the same as free motion and that is the expression of a vital impetus or creative force while the space world of science and common sense is taken to be an interpretation put upon sense images in the interest of practical activity and as a falsification of free-moving reality so that a true apprehension of reality is to be gained not by the analytic procedures of mathematics and science but by that intuition that can grasp wholes as such.

""Phantasmal Media"

An argument that great expressive power of computational media arises from the

construction of phantasms—blends of cultural ideas and sensory imagination. In

Phantasmal Media, D. Fox Harrell considers the expressive power of computational media.

He argues, forcefully and persuasively, that the great expressive potential of computational

media comes from the ability to construct and reveal phantasms—blends of cultural ideas

and sensory imagination. 

First looking at these definitions it was very overwhelming for me. Many big words that when put together make a complicated sentence. The fishbowl is not backed by a dictionary definition, by math, by science or anything that has a true definite answer. This is a place to express your own kind of art and imagination. There is no need to conform to anything or have the exact answer, your own answer that you come up with is good enough.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/23/2020 15:24:06
Subject: class work
------------------------------------------------------------
Dear Matt,

Thank you for bringing your concern. Some students, around 8 in number have taken my other courses: Culture, Design or Society. The methodology is the same in all three courses, and since some students are taking it for the first time, I have to go over process/practice. These students come in already ahead of the game, and I can imagine their impatience, and I’m afraid of losing their attention and interest.

What you should do in this circumstance, is not to panic. I am cognizant of this disparity which has nothing to do with your competency or interest in the course. Second, to work on your process. Get it down. It is not rocket science and you can learn from others. Keep it simple is the mantra. You are to go at your own pace, whatever your circumstance allows, and not before long, you will have accumulated a body of knowing and knowledge that will warrant you an A or an A-. It has generally been the case. Know that I am with you and watching you with peripheral vision. 

Stay with it, there is a light and aha moment and a sailing through.

Best wishes,

Sanjiv

On Sep 23, 2020, at 10:56 AM, Matt Sanfratello <msanfratello27@uri.edu> wrote:

Hello Professor Dugal,

I hope all is well, i am reaching out with concern that i am not understanding all the work that had to be completed by now. I am trying to keep up to date with the vocabulary and i see emails of other students writing about topics for the fishbowl, but i am not sure where these are coming from or where they are writing these topics on the fishbowl. 

Sincerely,

Matt Sanfratello

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/23/2020 15:23:29
Subject: class work
------------------------------------------------------------
Dear Matt,

Thank you for bringing your concern. Some students, around 8 in number have taken my other courses: Culture, Design or Society. The methodology is the same in all three courses, and since some students are taking it for the first time, I have to go over process/practice. These students come in already ahead of the game, and I can imagine their impatience, and I’m afraid of losing their attention and interest.

What you should do in this circumstance, is not to panic. I am cognizant of this disparity which has nothing to do with your competency or interest in the course. Second, to work on your process. Get it down. It is not rocket science and you can learn from others. Keep it simple is the mantra. You are to go at your own pace, whatever your circumstance allows, and not before long, you will have accumulated a body of knowing and knowledge that will warrant you an A or an A-. It has generally been the case. Know that I am with you and watching you with peripheral vision. 

Stay with it, there is a light and aha moment and a sailing through.

Best wishes,

Sanjiv

On Sep 23, 2020, at 10:56 AM, Matt Sanfratello <msanfratello27@uri.edu> wrote:

Hello Professor Dugal,

I hope all is well, i am reaching out with concern that i am not understanding all the work that had to be completed by now. I am trying to keep up to date with the vocabulary and i see emails of other students writing about topics for the fishbowl, but i am not sure where these are coming from or where they are writing these topics on the fishbowl. 

Sincerely,

Matt Sanfratello

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/23/2020 13:53:09
Subject: sacred space
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I think 345 might read Ramirez’s paragraph at the end of this email. Just didn’t want you to miss it, particularly those struggling with process. If we don’t get the process down, we can’t do the practice either. THere is no faking it and nowhere to hide in the digital world when it comes to process/practice. The buzz words are transparency and authenticity. I’m sure you’ve heard of them. Even if I am role-playing through text and images, you can DISCERN that I’m not really Richard Gere, even though I sound like Gere to you. Whenever we lack discernment, we get duped. We do it to ourselves. Discernment is a skill that we acquire through critical thinking.

Our text, i.e., our choice of words, projects images onto the ‘screens' of each others minds (see Henri Bergson) that evoke emotions in us and this affects our behavior. This circle, due to technology, has become multifarious and gigantic. It is constant and will never end. 24/7 forever. 

In the fishbowl, we go to the mountains to chill. It is sacred space. A place where we can be the most and best of one’s Self through reflection, contemplation and meditation. However, in a visual culture (more on this to come), every business, every individual must have an Audience to exist, to survive and to thrive.

 

In the fishbowl, we are the audience to each other. The teacher/student dichotomy is dissolved. There are things we reflect and write upon that changes our perceptions; how we see the world. How did we do this? Please apply to your favorite business idea, career, or relationship. Think of this in terms of Parag Khanna’s Ted Talk on MegaCities. There is a dissolving and connecting and meshing and collectivity among us already.

Sanjiv

DISSOLVE, DISCERN, DUPE, SCREEN , PROJECT, IMAGE, TRANSPARENT, AUTHENTIC, SPACE, SACRED

Begin forwarded message:

From: Sanjiv Dugal <sanjivdugal@uri.edu>

Subject: Improvisation, diagnostic reading, deconstruction and participant-observation

Date: September 23, 2020 at 8:14:39 AM EDT

To: Sanjiv Dugal <sanjivdugal@uri.edu>

Hi Everyone,

How are you this morning? Stay with it, for you will go onto produce substantial text and prosper. In the digital sphere, words like bountiful have come back into usage. You want to be perceived as bountiful (metaphor). Next time you are describing who you are and what you are, add the word bountiful and attach several of your postings as evidence. 

At this point, we have been exposed to 'reading into’ words, i.e., a diagnostic reading, and we are learning the method of deconstruction (Derrida). We are also getting into the method of participant- observation (please google). 

When I was reading p.7 of Bateson, at the bottom of the page she writes, “I believe that participant observation is more than a research methodology. It is a way of being, especially suited to a world of change."

p.8 “The quality of improvisation characterizes more and more lives today, lived in uncertainty, full of the inklings of alternatives. In a rapidly changing and interdependent world (like that of your fishbowls as an example), single models are less likely to be viable and plans more likely to go awry.”

Reading Bateson is by no means an easy task. You understand her by reading into the text by deconstruction. Don’t try to understand the whole text. You are scrolling to select a sentence structure that you want to work on. One for each page. We see the whole or bigger picture, paradoxically, when we get into particulars.

Please see Tyler Ramirez’s excellent reflection on process below.

Sanjiv

IMPROVISE, INKLING, ALTERNATIVE, INTERDEPENDENT, VIABLE, AWRY, DIAGNOSIS, PARTICIPANT-OBSERVATION (google)

from the fishbowl...

tyler ramirez

Posts: 35

Joined: Sat Sep 05, 2020 6:17 pm

Tue Sep 22, 2020 8:19 pm

"Having said that, we want to take our understanding of the ‘process and practice for learning' in a digital environment, i.e., the fishbowl, to the next level." 

Here are the sequential steps:

Select a sentence

Create a word pool

Re-structure the sentence

Do a felt-experience

Reduce to one word-image.

In order to truly capitalize on the lessons being portrayed in the letters and our responses on the fishbowl, we must look deeper than what's on the surface. By following the sequential steps we gain a deeper understanding and a firmer grasp on topics ranging from complex to straightforward lessons. By focusing on a sentence we can gain further insight into what areas interest us. Creating the word pool draws parallels that we understand. Re-structuring the sentence demonstrates our understanding. A felt experience ties in the personal connection to the subject matter, and reducing the word to an image provides the meaning in its most simplistic form. All of these ways are steps to gain a deeper understanding and a more fundamentally sound approach to deconstructing literature and other people's work.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/23/2020 12:16:22
Subject: improvisation, diagnostic reading, deconstruction and participant-observation
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this morning? Stay with it, for you will go onto produce substantial text and prosper. In the digital sphere, words like bountiful have come back into usage. You want to be perceived as bountiful (metaphor). Next time you are describing who you are and what you are, add the word bountiful and attach several of your postings as evidence. 

At this point, we have been exposed to 'reading into’ words, i.e., a diagnostic reading, and we are learning the method of deconstruction (Derrida). We are also getting into the method of participant- observation (please google). 

When I was reading p.7 of Bateson, at the bottom of the page she writes, “I believe that participant observation is more than a research methodology. It is a way of being, especially suited to a world of change."

p.8 “The quality of improvisation characterizes more and more lives today, lived in uncertainty, full of the inklings of alternatives. In a rapidly changing and interdependent world (like that of your fishbowls as an example), single models are less likely to be viable and plans more likely to go awry.”

Reading Bateson is by no means an easy task. You understand her by reading into the text by deconstruction. Don’t try to understand the whole text. You are scrolling to select a sentence structure that you want to work on. One for each page. We see the whole or bigger picture, paradoxically, when we get into particulars.

Please see Tyler Ramirez’s excellent reflection on process below.

Sanjiv

IMPROVISE, INKLING, ALTERNATIVE, INTERDEPENDENT, VIABLE, AWRY, DIAGNOSIS, PARTICIPANT-OBSERVATION (google)

from the fishbowl...

tyler ramirez

Posts: 35

Joined: Sat Sep 05, 2020 6:17 pm

Tue Sep 22, 2020 8:19 pm

"Having said that, we want to take our understanding of the ‘process and practice for learning' in a digital environment, i.e., the fishbowl, to the next level." 

Here are the sequential steps:

Select a sentence

Create a word pool

Re-structure the sentence

Do a felt-experience

Reduce to one word-image.

In order to truly capitalize on the lessons being portrayed in the letters and our responses on the fishbowl, we must look deeper than what's on the surface. By following the sequential steps we gain a deeper understanding and a firmer grasp on topics ranging from complex to straightforward lessons. By focusing on a sentence we can gain further insight into what areas interest us. Creating the word pool draws parallels that we understand. Re-structuring the sentence demonstrates our understanding. A felt experience ties in the personal connection to the subject matter, and reducing the word to an image provides the meaning in its most simplistic form. All of these ways are steps to gain a deeper understanding and a more fundamentally sound approach to deconstructing literature and other people's work.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/23/2020 2:11:04
Subject: making conversation again
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I hope you are doing well. I think of you every time I cross someone exercising in the park. 

I trust you are exercising and eating right. Both have nothing to do with covid.

Cut the beer if you can, particularly if you can’t party; instead, take deep breaths and slow the mind down. No kidding. We are consuming much too many images. It’s just not healthy for gaining clarity to take rightful actions and decisions.

Computer generated images are filtered by our mental structures and then projected onto the Other. 

Culturally embedded structures, always have hierarchies of some kind or other. Dichotomous relations: dorks/jocks, cool/hip, hot/nice. (From this starting point, we historically construct a structure of words.) Furthermore, our words are heard/interpreted by the Other to have meanings which are seldom intended.

Miscommunication has resulted in non-cooperation between cultures. 

And, it will do the same between us in the fishbowl. We start with that premise. 

 

Research findings (Hoecklin, Lisa) seems broadly to reveal that:

* The impact of culture differences is relevant to all areas of a global business

* Globally operating companies have used different strategies to manage cultural differences

* Some of these strategies are now inappropriate to emerging organizational structure and competitive requirements

* There are many more examples of companies articulating their intention to use cultural diversity for competitive advantage at a strategic level than there are successful examples at an operational level.

The point (in 448) being, how do we communicate across different cultures? 

Keeping the above in mind, I want to share with you the process/practice that Andrew Bikash (Management major) and I committed during the summer of the pandemic: “Conversation Through Letter-Writing: Participation and Collaboration”. We exchanged about 60 letters over a period of three months, similar to your postings in the fishbowl. We talked about all sorts of things and we intend to publish them, if only because we are such an unlikely pair. Occupying entirely different cultures and generations, we are creating digital products (publication/youtube/podcast/documentary/ etc.) by exchanging ideas (words) through conversation.

I am suggesting a conversation among ourselves in our fishbowls; and, we structure the conversation into a series of steps; a back and forth. Nothing difficult nor complex nor confusing. In the background, while doing this, we learn about theories by utilizing and experiencing them on the subject of Society (345) and on Culture (448).

Stay with it. You are doing well. All your postings. You will forever keep improving. It is engagement with text that you are after...always. “What did she mean by that!"

Things will clarify as we proceed. We are still in September. In BUS345, I would like to know from those who have had me before whether you have done the 10 steps for the four characteristics of transnational corporations as listed in the syllabus. Please email me directly if you have. Thank you.

Sanjiv

MAKING, CONVERSATION, EXCHANGE, WORD, PRODUCT, DIGITAL

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/23/2020 2:10:14
Subject: making conversation again
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I hope you are doing well. I think of you every time I cross someone exercising in the park. 

I trust you are exercising and eating right. Both have nothing to do with covid.

Cut the beer if you can, particularly if you can’t party; instead, take deep breaths and slow the mind down. No kidding. We are consuming much too many images. It’s just not healthy for gaining clarity to take rightful actions and decisions.

Computer generated images are filtered by our mental structures and then projected onto the Other. 

Culturally embedded structures, always have hierarchies of some kind or other. Dichotomous relations: dorks/jocks, cool/hip, hot/nice. (From this starting point, we historically construct a structure of words.) Furthermore, our words are heard/interpreted by the Other to have meanings which are seldom intended.

Miscommunication has resulted in non-cooperation between cultures. 

And, it will do the same between us in the fishbowl. We start with that premise. 

 

Research findings (Hoecklin, Lisa) seems broadly to reveal that:

* The impact of culture differences is relevant to all areas of a global business

* Globally operating companies have used different strategies to manage cultural differences

* Some of these strategies are now inappropriate to emerging organizational structure and competitive requirements

* There are many more examples of companies articulating their intention to use cultural diversity for competitive advantage at a strategic level than there are successful examples at an operational level.

The point (in 448) being, how do we communicate across different cultures? 

Keeping the above in mind, I want to share with you the process/practice that Andrew Bikash (Management major) and I committed during the summer of the pandemic: “Conversation Through Letter-Writing: Participation and Collaboration”. We exchanged about 60 letters over a period of three months, similar to your postings in the fishbowl. We talked about all sorts of things and we intend to publish them, if only because we are such an unlikely pair. Occupying entirely different cultures and generations, we are creating digital products (publication/youtube/podcast/documentary/ etc.) by exchanging ideas (words) through conversation.

I am suggesting a conversation among ourselves in our fishbowls; and, we structure the conversation into a series of steps; a back and forth. Nothing difficult nor complex nor confusing. In the background, while doing this, we learn about theories by utilizing and experiencing them on the subject of Society (345) and on Culture (448).

Stay with it. You are doing well. All your postings. You will forever keep improving. It is engagement with text that you are after...always. “What did she mean by that!"

Things will clarify as we proceed. We are still in September. In BUS345, I would like to know from those who have had me before whether you have done the 10 steps for the four characteristics of transnational corporations as listed in the syllabus. Please email me directly if you have. Thank you.

Sanjiv

MAKING, CONVERSATION, EXCHANGE, WORD, PRODUCT, DIGITAL

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/22/2020 16:55:10
Subject: figuring the process/practice for learning
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

It is important to understand words like Society and Culture; and, to have felt-experienced them (in mind, body and spirit). 

Of course, we all have something to say by way of sharing felt-experiences of both words, Society and Culture. 

The situation is that whatever one elects to say has become a matter of interest to everyone because it is the way we create value in the digital world. 

What we elect to say, as a diverse and varied group of mind-sets, has become an important resource in today's organization.

Well then, what does one say? How do we go about to say it? What is the process? What is the practice? And, what is the product?

The moment we link a word to a felt-experience, an image (mental picture) is evoked from memory.

Think of the word ‘mother’ for example. You will have a felt-experience that evokes an image from your memory. You can also describe an anecdote.

If you don’t have an image or a felt-experience, then the meaning of the word ‘mother’ would only be known to you from what others describe, show, tell, depict. In this case, you are vulnerable because you are dependent upon what the Other tells you. You cannot ascertain the truth/falsity experientially for yourself.

Having said that, we want to take our understanding of the ‘process and practice for learning' in a digital environment, i.e., the fishbowl, to the next level. 

Here are the sequential steps:

Select a sentence

Create a word pool

Re-structure the sentence

Do a felt-experience

Reduce to one word-image.

When we undertake the above process and, practice it for the learning of any subject matter (like a sentence), the shared outcome will be a mental landscape like the following:

A labyrinth, an encyclopedia, an emporium, a theatre, the fishbowl is somewhere where fact and imagination simply have to fuse.

Sanjiv

SOCIETY, CULTURE, LANDSCAPE, FACT, IMAGINATION, FUSE, LABYRINTH, ENCYCLOPEDIA, EMPORIUM, THEATRE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/22/2020 16:54:42
Subject: figuring the process/practice for learning
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

It is important to understand words like Society and Culture; and, to have felt-experienced them (in mind, body and spirit). 

Of course, we all have something to say by way of sharing felt-experiences of both words, Society and Culture. 

The situation is that whatever one elects to say has become a matter of interest to everyone because it is the way we create value in the digital world. 

What we elect to say, as a diverse and varied group of mind-sets, has become an important resource in today's organization.

Well then, what does one say? How do we go about to say it? What is the process? What is the practice? And, what is the product?

The moment we link a word to a felt-experience, an image (mental picture) is evoked from memory.

Think of the word ‘mother’ for example. You will have a felt-experience that evokes an image from your memory. You can also describe an anecdote.

If you don’t have an image or a felt-experience, then the meaning of the word ‘mother’ would only be known to you from what others describe, show, tell, depict. In this case, you are vulnerable because you are dependent upon what the Other tells you. You cannot ascertain the truth/falsity experientially for yourself.

Having said that, we want to take our understanding of the ‘process and practice for learning' in a digital environment, i.e., the fishbowl, to the next level. 

Here are the sequential steps:

Select a sentence

Create a word pool

Re-structure the sentence

Do a felt-experience

Reduce to one word-image.

When we undertake the above process and, practice it for the learning of any subject matter (like a sentence), the shared outcome will be a mental landscape like the following:

A labyrinth, an encyclopedia, an emporium, a theatre, the fishbowl is somewhere where fact and imagination simply have to fuse.

Sanjiv

SOCIETY, CULTURE, LANDSCAPE, FACT, IMAGINATION, FUSE, LABYRINTH, ENCYCLOPEDIA, EMPORIUM, THEATRE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/16/2020 12:37:08
Subject: a fishbowl state of mind
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I hope you are doing well. 

I want to reiterate the following: 

you are learning at your own pace and 

you are learning how to stay abreast with your group, aka your fishbowl.

There are no deadlines nor expectations as such and hence, there is no stress about performance. We’ve taken the grade out. You will get a B at the entrance door.

However, there are obligations and responsibilities toward your group. Your actions, decisions and behavior have direct consequence to your group's actions, decisions and behavior. We are bound together in our fishbowls. It is this bind that concerns us because there is precious little outside of it.

We are at cross-roads. The virus can never completely go away. Like terrorism, its possibility, henceforth, will always exist. We have to change our lives.

The first thing we have to do is become seamless within our group, that is your fishbowl. To know where the other’s mind is at; to know what the other is thinking and why.

To accomplish this, you have to set up a daily routine, a practice of shifting, sliding and surfacing into your fishbowl.

A fishbowl state of mind. 

Go slow. Pick on words like a bird. Please google Jonathan Livingston Seagull. I hope you know him!

“Don’t believe what your eyes are telling you. All they show is limitation. Look with your understanding. Find out what you already know and you will see the way to fly.” 

― Richard Bach, Jonathan Livingston Seagull

What does this mean and what do I have to do? What is the How and Why of it? To "look with understanding," I have to "find out what I already know” ?

How do you do that; how does one learn from experience is the question.

By living your life as a participant-observer, interacting symbolically and being socially reflexive. More on these as we get along.

Sanjiv

ACTION, DECISION, BEHAVIOR, BOUND, OBLIGATION, SEAMLESS

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/15/2020 14:28:50
Subject: generating text
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this morning? I hope the dust is settling down, and your minds will soon be free from the realities of technology; a tight grip. If your group member has not been posting, email and ask them if they are OK. By now you should have their emails from my address list.

There have been a couple of changes in your group formations and I’m sorry if it was an inconvenience. For those who are new or missed out thus far, the first step is simple enough: get into the fishbowl. sanjivdugal.net However, you have to register, and before you do, you have to activate your account. How to do that is on page 5 of the instructions sent to you by email. Write directly to me and say you don’t have the instructions so that I can get back to you. Once you are in, you have to work through my letters sequentially. It won’t take you more than a couple of hours. All you have to keep in mind is that you are tackling vocabulary in a new way.

We are not in Brightspace and nor are we Zooming. We are online fully, sharing our words with each other. If you wish to meet your group you may do so in the classroom. Set it up with each other. It’s a good idea to get friendly with each other. You need each other, more than you need me.

There is a commitment that we are making to each other: a promise to read each other’s words in a 'deep learning' kind of way. Thinking about what the other said and how you see it instead. This requires slowing the mind and focusing on words. Focusing, paradoxically, evokes images and feelings from the past: from one's memory. Please see Joseph Dugas' posting below. as an example. It is generative text. Very nicely done! You are learning to generate text that derives from your felt-experiences and is an expression of your images.

Doing Vocabulary is basic. It is the beginning, a Word, and you contemplate it by opening the dictionary and copying out its meaning. Avoid cut-pasting because copying is a fundamental human activity; it is how we learn.

In your fishbowl, for vocabulary don’t do every word as a New Topic because you won’t be able to print them out easily. You are gathering words, like picking flowers for a basket. This collection of words will represent a field of symbols and images. We are social constructivists (please google).

Sanjiv

GENERATIVE, FOCUS, PARADOX, EVOKE, MEMORY, EXPRESSION, IMAGE, COPY, SOCIAL CONSTRUCTIVISM (Please google) 

from the fishbowl...

Post by josephdugas » Wed Sep 09, 2020 1:29 pm

IMAGE, METAPHOR

IMAGE: 

a physical likeness or representation of a person, animal, or thing, photographed, painted, sculptured, or otherwise made visible.

a mental representation; idea; conception.

- I often have an image of things to expect. Like tomorrow, or things to look for in life. Imagination is a strong tool. 

METAPHOR:

a figure of speech in which a term or phrase is applied to something to which it is not literally applicable in order to suggest a resemblance.

- Metaphors are interesting to use to get a different view on something, or to admire a relationship between entities. School is a castle of knowledge.

Last edited by josephdugas on Wed Sep 09, 2020 1:53 pm, edited 1 time in total.

Post by josephdugas » Wed Sep 09, 2020 1:40 pm

FORGE, SPACE, UNCERTAINTY, CLIFF, EDGE

FORGE: 

to form by heating and hammering; beat into shape.

to form or make, especially by concentrated effort

- I forged a friendship. 

SPACE:

the unlimited or incalculably great three-dimensional realm or expanse in which all material objects are located and all events occur.

to fix the space or spaces of; divide into spaces.

- Space is occupied by many planets. The space between is large and uninviting. 

UNCERTAINTY: 

the state of being uncertain; doubt; hesitancy

- I was uncertain whether to be excited for school or not. 

CLIFF:

a high steep face of a rock.

- I was afraid of the cliff, being high up and no where to go. 

EDGE: 

a line or border at which a surface terminates.

- I was on the edge of my seat in anticipation.

Last edited by josephdugas on Wed Sep 09, 2020 1:53 pm, edited 1 time in total.

Post by josephdugas » Wed Sep 09, 2020 1:52 pm

ASYNCHRONOUS, SELECT, EVOLVE, UNFOLD, ABSORB

ASYNCHRONOUS:

not occurring at the same time.

- Most of my classes are asynchronous, which I enjoy. 

SELECT: 

to choose in preference to another or others; pick out.

- I tend to select action and comedy movies instead of romances. 

EVOLVE: 

to develop gradually.

- In life the goal is to evolve, to become your best you. 

UNFOLD: 

to bring out of a folded state; spread or open out.

- As time goes on, this class is beginning to unfold in front of our eyes. 

ABSORB: 

to involve the full attention of; to engross or engage wholly. 

to such up to drink in; soak up.

- Im looking forward to absorbing what this course will teach me.

Post by josephdugas » Fri Sep 11, 2020 2:15 pm

TEXT, COMPOSE, EXPRESSION, EMBEDDED, AWARE, KNOWLEDGE, KNOWING, NUGGET, SHARE, CONTENT

TEXT:

the main body of matter in a manuscript, book, newspaper, etc., as distinguished from notes, appendixes, headings, illustrations, etc.

- The text for my courses are often filled with knowledge.

COMPOSE:

to make or form by combining things, parts, or elements.

- I composed a beautiful song. 

EXPRESSION:

the act of expressing or setting forth in word.

a particular word, phrase, or form of word.

- A famous expression can give you a better perspective on things, such as the grass is greener on the other side, etc. 

EMBEDDED:

to fix into a surrounding mass.

to surround tightly or firmly; envelop or enclose.

- I saw someone with a huge diamond embedded into her ring. 

AWARE:

having knowledge; conscious; cognizant:

informed; alert; knowledgeable; sophisticated:

- I was really aware walking around my house at night after a scary movie. 

KNOWLEDGE:

acquaintance with facts, truths, or principles, as from study or investigation; general erudition:

- I am sure to gain a lot of knowledge with this course, I'm looking forward to it. 

KNOWING:

affecting, implying, or deliberately revealing shrewd knowledge of secret or private information:

- The wife gave a knowing glance that her husband was cheating. 

NUGGET: 

a lump of something, as of precious metal.

anything of great value, significance, or the like:

- My parents gave me many nuggets of wisdom throughout my life. 

SHARE:

the full or proper portion or part allotted or belonging to or contributed or owed by an individual or group.

to divide and distribute in shares; apportion.

- My friend gave me a share of his muffin this morning. 

CONTENT: 

something that is to be expressed through some medium, as speech, writing, or any of various arts:

something that is contained:

- I tend to like Youtube content over a long TV episode.

Post by josephdugas » Sat Sep 12, 2020 1:10 pm

SORT: 

a particular kind, species, variety, class, or group, distinguished by a common character or nature:

- I had some sort of fruit today when I woke up. 

SIFT:

to scatter or sprinkle through or by means of a sieve:

- I sifted honey throughout my tea.

SELECT:

to choose in preference to another or others; pick out

- I chose to select tacos for dinner. 

SUBSTITUTE: 

to put (a person or thing) in the place of another.

- Veggie burger is a great substitute for meat. 

WORDS: the text or lyrics of a song, as opposed to the music

- I knew all the words to I Miss You by Blink 182.

Post by josephdugas » Sat Sep 12, 2020 1:18 pm

STRUCTURE: mode of building, construction, or organization; arrangement of parts, elements, or constituents:

- NYC has a great structure to its buildings. 

ORGANIZE: to form as or into a whole consisting of interdependent or coordinated parts, especially for united action:

- I needed to organize my room before my friend came over. 

MAKE: to bring into existence by shaping or changing material, combining parts, etc.:

- I wanted to make a birthday cake for my mom. 

PRODUCE: to bring into existence; give rise to; cause: 

- I wanted to produce a great painting for the art show. 

BE: to exist or live

- Shakespeare's "To be or not to be"

SENSE: any of the faculties, as sight, hearing, smell, taste, or touch, by which humans and animals perceive stimuli originating from outside or inside the body:

- I had a great sense that my friend was stealing money from me. 

RANGE: the extent to which or the limits between which variation is possible:

- the singer had great range in her voice

FEELING: the function or the power of perceiving by touch.

- I lost feeling in my fingers after a long bike ride. 

FOCUS: a central point, as of attraction, attention, or activity:

- I needed to focus to study for my exam. 

MEDITATE: to engage in thought or contemplation; reflect.

- I needed to meditate after a long day of school. 

CONTEMPLATE: to look at or view with continued attention; observe or study thoughtfully:

- I contemplate a lot when I take a shower. 

MINDFUL: attentive, aware, or careful (usually followed by of):

- I'm often mindful of my breathing.

Post by josephdugas » Sun Sep 13, 2020 12:10 pm

MENTAL, SPACE, LABORATORY, EXPERIMENT, TEXTUAL, CONCEIVE, FORM, DEPICT, LOOK, COMPARE, CONTRAST

MENTAL: of or relating to the mind

- People from war have a lot of mental suffering.

SPACE: the unlimited or incalculably great three-dimensional realm or expanse in which all material objects are located and all events occur.

the portion or extent of this in a given instance; extent or room in three dimensions:

- The space between us was large after the break-up. 

LABORATORY:any place, situation, set of conditions, or the like, conducive to experimentation, investigation, observation, etc.; anything suggestive of a scientific laboratory.

- This course is a laboratory for words and thinking.

EXPERIMENT: a test, trial, or tentative procedure; an act or operation for the purpose of discovering something unknown or of testing a principle, supposition, etc.:

- For some products they tend to experiment on rats. 

TEXTUAL: based on or conforming to the text, as of the Scriptures

- People often get a textual interpretation of the bible tattooed on them. 

CONCEIVE: to form a notion or idea of; imagine.

- I can't conceive the idea that Jay-z is better than Kanye. 

FORM: external appearance of a clearly defined area, as distinguished from color or material; configuration:

- Everyone works their whole life to one day become their true form. 

DEPICT: to represent or characterize in words; describe.

- I depict a lot of paintings at the museum in NYC. 

LOOK:to turn one's eyes toward something or in some direction in order to see

- It's hard not to look at a beautiful girl walking by. 

COMPARE: to examine (two or more objects, ideas, people, etc.) in order to note similarities and differences:

- People often compare Michael Jordan to Kobe Bryant. 

CONTRAST: to compare in order to show unlikeness or differences; note the opposite natures, purposes, etc., of:

- I like to contrast certain music to find which I'm more in the mood for.

Post by josephdugas » Mon Sep 14, 2020 11:09 am

LEARNING: knowledge acquired by systematic study in any field of scholarly application.

- For this class I will be doing a different approach to learning that I'm not used to.

COMPETENCE: the quality of being competent; adequacy; possession of required skill, knowledge, qualification, or capacity:

- My competence for the subject matter landed me the job. 

ENHANCE: to raise to a higher degree; intensify; magnify:

- This class will surely enhance my learning here at URI. 

CAPACITY: the ability to receive or contain:

- I'd like to think my brain has a large capacity for new things.

HIERARCHY: any system of persons or things ranked one above another.

- In wildlife, there is a huge hierarchy. To eat of be eaten. There are tiers of prey.

TRAP: a contrivance used for catching game or other animals, as a mechanical device that springs shut suddenly.

- I set an animal trap while hunting in Alaska. 

IMPLICIT: implied, rather than expressly stated:

- We had an implicit agreement not to talk to that girl in math class. 

IMAGE: a physical likeness or representation of a person, animal, or thing, photographed, painted, sculptured, or otherwise made visible.

- I had a great image of a moose, it was even bigger in person.

STRUCTURE: mode of building, construction, or organization; arrangement of parts, elements, or constituents:

- I enjoy the structure of this class. Calm learning.

STYLE: a particular kind, sort, or type, as with reference to form, appearance, or character:

- The model on the fashion run way have a very elegant style.

ALIGN: to arrange in a straight line; adjust according to a line.

- While redecorating my room, I had to align a lot of furniture and photos.

Unread post by josephdugas » Mon Sep 14, 2020 11:17 am

MEANING: what is intended to be, or actually is, expressed or indicated; signification; import:

- I don't think anyone truly knows the meaning of life. 

PERCEPTION: the act or faculty of perceiving, or apprehending by means of the senses or of the mind; cognition; understanding.

- I had a great perception on WWE before I knew it was fake. 

TIME: the system of those sequential relations that any event has to any other, as past, present, or future; indefinite and continuous duration regarded as that in which events succeed one another.

- When you die, you run out of time. 

SPACE: the unlimited or incalculably great three-dimensional realm or expanse in which all material objects are located and all events occur.

- There is a lot of space in the world, looking to be occupied. 

IDEA: any conception existing in the mind as a result of mental understanding, awareness, or activity.

- I had great idea for a new invention.

VARIANCE: the state, quality, or fact of being variable, divergent, different, or anomalous.

an instance of varying; difference; discrepancy.

- There was a lot of variance for the menu at Wendys. 

SOCIAL: relating to, devoted to, or characterized by friendly companionship or relations:

- I enjoy my social clubs at school. 

PROCESS: a systematic series of actions directed to some end:

- All human beings have an oriented process in life. 

VALUE: relative worth, merit, or importance:

- People must have great self-worth to see the true value in themselves.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/15/2020 14:28:13
Subject: generating text
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this morning? I hope the dust is settling down, and your minds will soon be free from the realities of technology; a tight grip. If your group member has not been posting, email and ask them if they are OK. By now you should have their emails from my address list.

There have been a couple of changes in your group formations and I’m sorry if it was an inconvenience. For those who are new or missed out thus far, the first step is simple enough: get into the fishbowl. sanjivdugal.net However, you have to register, and before you do, you have to activate your account. How to do that is on page 5 of the instructions sent to you by email. Write directly to me and say you don’t have the instructions so that I can get back to you. Once you are in, you have to work through my letters sequentially. It won’t take you more than a couple of hours. All you have to keep in mind is that you are tackling vocabulary in a new way.

We are not in Brightspace and nor are we Zooming. We are online fully, sharing our words with each other. If you wish to meet your group you may do so in the classroom. Set it up with each other. It’s a good idea to get friendly with each other. You need each other, more than you need me.

There is a commitment that we are making to each other: a promise to read each other’s words in a 'deep learning' kind of way. Thinking about what the other said and how you see it instead. This requires slowing the mind and focusing on words. Focusing, paradoxically, evokes images and feelings from the past: from one's memory. Please see Joseph Dugas' posting below. as an example. It is generative text. Very nicely done! You are learning to generate text that derives from your felt-experiences and is an expression of your images.

Doing Vocabulary is basic. It is the beginning, a Word, and you contemplate it by opening the dictionary and copying out its meaning. Avoid cut-pasting because copying is a fundamental human activity; it is how we learn.

In your fishbowl, for vocabulary don’t do every word as a New Topic because you won’t be able to print them out easily. You are gathering words, like picking flowers for a basket. This collection of words will represent a field of symbols and images. We are social constructivists (please google).

Sanjiv

GENERATIVE, FOCUS, PARADOX, EVOKE, MEMORY, EXPRESSION, IMAGE, COPY, SOCIAL CONSTRUCTIVISM (Please google) 

from the fishbowl...

Post by josephdugas » Wed Sep 09, 2020 1:29 pm

IMAGE, METAPHOR

IMAGE: 

a physical likeness or representation of a person, animal, or thing, photographed, painted, sculptured, or otherwise made visible.

a mental representation; idea; conception.

- I often have an image of things to expect. Like tomorrow, or things to look for in life. Imagination is a strong tool. 

METAPHOR:

a figure of speech in which a term or phrase is applied to something to which it is not literally applicable in order to suggest a resemblance.

- Metaphors are interesting to use to get a different view on something, or to admire a relationship between entities. School is a castle of knowledge.

Last edited by josephdugas on Wed Sep 09, 2020 1:53 pm, edited 1 time in total.

Post by josephdugas » Wed Sep 09, 2020 1:40 pm

FORGE, SPACE, UNCERTAINTY, CLIFF, EDGE

FORGE: 

to form by heating and hammering; beat into shape.

to form or make, especially by concentrated effort

- I forged a friendship. 

SPACE:

the unlimited or incalculably great three-dimensional realm or expanse in which all material objects are located and all events occur.

to fix the space or spaces of; divide into spaces.

- Space is occupied by many planets. The space between is large and uninviting. 

UNCERTAINTY: 

the state of being uncertain; doubt; hesitancy

- I was uncertain whether to be excited for school or not. 

CLIFF:

a high steep face of a rock.

- I was afraid of the cliff, being high up and no where to go. 

EDGE: 

a line or border at which a surface terminates.

- I was on the edge of my seat in anticipation.

Last edited by josephdugas on Wed Sep 09, 2020 1:53 pm, edited 1 time in total.

Post by josephdugas » Wed Sep 09, 2020 1:52 pm

ASYNCHRONOUS, SELECT, EVOLVE, UNFOLD, ABSORB

ASYNCHRONOUS:

not occurring at the same time.

- Most of my classes are asynchronous, which I enjoy. 

SELECT: 

to choose in preference to another or others; pick out.

- I tend to select action and comedy movies instead of romances. 

EVOLVE: 

to develop gradually.

- In life the goal is to evolve, to become your best you. 

UNFOLD: 

to bring out of a folded state; spread or open out.

- As time goes on, this class is beginning to unfold in front of our eyes. 

ABSORB: 

to involve the full attention of; to engross or engage wholly. 

to such up to drink in; soak up.

- Im looking forward to absorbing what this course will teach me.

Post by josephdugas » Fri Sep 11, 2020 2:15 pm

TEXT, COMPOSE, EXPRESSION, EMBEDDED, AWARE, KNOWLEDGE, KNOWING, NUGGET, SHARE, CONTENT

TEXT:

the main body of matter in a manuscript, book, newspaper, etc., as distinguished from notes, appendixes, headings, illustrations, etc.

- The text for my courses are often filled with knowledge.

COMPOSE:

to make or form by combining things, parts, or elements.

- I composed a beautiful song. 

EXPRESSION:

the act of expressing or setting forth in word.

a particular word, phrase, or form of word.

- A famous expression can give you a better perspective on things, such as the grass is greener on the other side, etc. 

EMBEDDED:

to fix into a surrounding mass.

to surround tightly or firmly; envelop or enclose.

- I saw someone with a huge diamond embedded into her ring. 

AWARE:

having knowledge; conscious; cognizant:

informed; alert; knowledgeable; sophisticated:

- I was really aware walking around my house at night after a scary movie. 

KNOWLEDGE:

acquaintance with facts, truths, or principles, as from study or investigation; general erudition:

- I am sure to gain a lot of knowledge with this course, I'm looking forward to it. 

KNOWING:

affecting, implying, or deliberately revealing shrewd knowledge of secret or private information:

- The wife gave a knowing glance that her husband was cheating. 

NUGGET: 

a lump of something, as of precious metal.

anything of great value, significance, or the like:

- My parents gave me many nuggets of wisdom throughout my life. 

SHARE:

the full or proper portion or part allotted or belonging to or contributed or owed by an individual or group.

to divide and distribute in shares; apportion.

- My friend gave me a share of his muffin this morning. 

CONTENT: 

something that is to be expressed through some medium, as speech, writing, or any of various arts:

something that is contained:

- I tend to like Youtube content over a long TV episode.

Post by josephdugas » Sat Sep 12, 2020 1:10 pm

SORT: 

a particular kind, species, variety, class, or group, distinguished by a common character or nature:

- I had some sort of fruit today when I woke up. 

SIFT:

to scatter or sprinkle through or by means of a sieve:

- I sifted honey throughout my tea.

SELECT:

to choose in preference to another or others; pick out

- I chose to select tacos for dinner. 

SUBSTITUTE: 

to put (a person or thing) in the place of another.

- Veggie burger is a great substitute for meat. 

WORDS: the text or lyrics of a song, as opposed to the music

- I knew all the words to I Miss You by Blink 182.

Post by josephdugas » Sat Sep 12, 2020 1:18 pm

STRUCTURE: mode of building, construction, or organization; arrangement of parts, elements, or constituents:

- NYC has a great structure to its buildings. 

ORGANIZE: to form as or into a whole consisting of interdependent or coordinated parts, especially for united action:

- I needed to organize my room before my friend came over. 

MAKE: to bring into existence by shaping or changing material, combining parts, etc.:

- I wanted to make a birthday cake for my mom. 

PRODUCE: to bring into existence; give rise to; cause: 

- I wanted to produce a great painting for the art show. 

BE: to exist or live

- Shakespeare's "To be or not to be"

SENSE: any of the faculties, as sight, hearing, smell, taste, or touch, by which humans and animals perceive stimuli originating from outside or inside the body:

- I had a great sense that my friend was stealing money from me. 

RANGE: the extent to which or the limits between which variation is possible:

- the singer had great range in her voice

FEELING: the function or the power of perceiving by touch.

- I lost feeling in my fingers after a long bike ride. 

FOCUS: a central point, as of attraction, attention, or activity:

- I needed to focus to study for my exam. 

MEDITATE: to engage in thought or contemplation; reflect.

- I needed to meditate after a long day of school. 

CONTEMPLATE: to look at or view with continued attention; observe or study thoughtfully:

- I contemplate a lot when I take a shower. 

MINDFUL: attentive, aware, or careful (usually followed by of):

- I'm often mindful of my breathing.

Post by josephdugas » Sun Sep 13, 2020 12:10 pm

MENTAL, SPACE, LABORATORY, EXPERIMENT, TEXTUAL, CONCEIVE, FORM, DEPICT, LOOK, COMPARE, CONTRAST

MENTAL: of or relating to the mind

- People from war have a lot of mental suffering.

SPACE: the unlimited or incalculably great three-dimensional realm or expanse in which all material objects are located and all events occur.

the portion or extent of this in a given instance; extent or room in three dimensions:

- The space between us was large after the break-up. 

LABORATORY:any place, situation, set of conditions, or the like, conducive to experimentation, investigation, observation, etc.; anything suggestive of a scientific laboratory.

- This course is a laboratory for words and thinking.

EXPERIMENT: a test, trial, or tentative procedure; an act or operation for the purpose of discovering something unknown or of testing a principle, supposition, etc.:

- For some products they tend to experiment on rats. 

TEXTUAL: based on or conforming to the text, as of the Scriptures

- People often get a textual interpretation of the bible tattooed on them. 

CONCEIVE: to form a notion or idea of; imagine.

- I can't conceive the idea that Jay-z is better than Kanye. 

FORM: external appearance of a clearly defined area, as distinguished from color or material; configuration:

- Everyone works their whole life to one day become their true form. 

DEPICT: to represent or characterize in words; describe.

- I depict a lot of paintings at the museum in NYC. 

LOOK:to turn one's eyes toward something or in some direction in order to see

- It's hard not to look at a beautiful girl walking by. 

COMPARE: to examine (two or more objects, ideas, people, etc.) in order to note similarities and differences:

- People often compare Michael Jordan to Kobe Bryant. 

CONTRAST: to compare in order to show unlikeness or differences; note the opposite natures, purposes, etc., of:

- I like to contrast certain music to find which I'm more in the mood for.

Post by josephdugas » Mon Sep 14, 2020 11:09 am

LEARNING: knowledge acquired by systematic study in any field of scholarly application.

- For this class I will be doing a different approach to learning that I'm not used to.

COMPETENCE: the quality of being competent; adequacy; possession of required skill, knowledge, qualification, or capacity:

- My competence for the subject matter landed me the job. 

ENHANCE: to raise to a higher degree; intensify; magnify:

- This class will surely enhance my learning here at URI. 

CAPACITY: the ability to receive or contain:

- I'd like to think my brain has a large capacity for new things.

HIERARCHY: any system of persons or things ranked one above another.

- In wildlife, there is a huge hierarchy. To eat of be eaten. There are tiers of prey.

TRAP: a contrivance used for catching game or other animals, as a mechanical device that springs shut suddenly.

- I set an animal trap while hunting in Alaska. 

IMPLICIT: implied, rather than expressly stated:

- We had an implicit agreement not to talk to that girl in math class. 

IMAGE: a physical likeness or representation of a person, animal, or thing, photographed, painted, sculptured, or otherwise made visible.

- I had a great image of a moose, it was even bigger in person.

STRUCTURE: mode of building, construction, or organization; arrangement of parts, elements, or constituents:

- I enjoy the structure of this class. Calm learning.

STYLE: a particular kind, sort, or type, as with reference to form, appearance, or character:

- The model on the fashion run way have a very elegant style.

ALIGN: to arrange in a straight line; adjust according to a line.

- While redecorating my room, I had to align a lot of furniture and photos.

Unread post by josephdugas » Mon Sep 14, 2020 11:17 am

MEANING: what is intended to be, or actually is, expressed or indicated; signification; import:

- I don't think anyone truly knows the meaning of life. 

PERCEPTION: the act or faculty of perceiving, or apprehending by means of the senses or of the mind; cognition; understanding.

- I had a great perception on WWE before I knew it was fake. 

TIME: the system of those sequential relations that any event has to any other, as past, present, or future; indefinite and continuous duration regarded as that in which events succeed one another.

- When you die, you run out of time. 

SPACE: the unlimited or incalculably great three-dimensional realm or expanse in which all material objects are located and all events occur.

- There is a lot of space in the world, looking to be occupied. 

IDEA: any conception existing in the mind as a result of mental understanding, awareness, or activity.

- I had great idea for a new invention.

VARIANCE: the state, quality, or fact of being variable, divergent, different, or anomalous.

an instance of varying; difference; discrepancy.

- There was a lot of variance for the menu at Wendys. 

SOCIAL: relating to, devoted to, or characterized by friendly companionship or relations:

- I enjoy my social clubs at school. 

PROCESS: a systematic series of actions directed to some end:

- All human beings have an oriented process in life. 

VALUE: relative worth, merit, or importance:

- People must have great self-worth to see the true value in themselves.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/14/2020 13:01:39
Subject: moving into a zone
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone, Good morning,

Glad some of you stuck around in the fishbowl over the weekend. It seems we're moving into simpler spaces and slower times. 

Your fishbowl is about a new management practice in a new society. 

I trust you're making a daily practice of your reading, watching and writing. Please see Michael Degnan’s advice below. 

Keep the thread of communication, I will always say.

We are leaving spaces of organized hierarchal work and moving into a ZONE where the ability to understand, facilitate, and encourage processes of self-organization will be a key competence. Your fishbowl has no presence beyond the three of you who bring it to life. The central theme in the course is Learning. You can’t force nor dictate learning...but you can enhance your group's capacities to learn and align their activities in creative ways.

It is impossible to develop new styles of work while continuing to think in old ways, you’ll agree. However, we are often trapped by the images we hold about ourselves and our group. 

Ideas about the fishbowl are always based on implicit images or metaphors that persuade us to see, understand, and manage situations in a particular way.

Metaphors create insight. Sanjiv is a Dawg. But they also distort. They have strengths. But they also have limitations. In creating ways of seeing, they create ways of not seeing. There can be no simple “correct theory” for structuring everything we do. The challenge facing us is to become accomplished in the art of using metaphor to find new ways of seeing, understanding, and shaping our actions.

Sanjiv

LEARNING, COMPETENCE, ENHANCE, CAPACITY, HIERARCHY, TRAP, IMPLICIT, IMAGE, STRUCTURE, STYLE, ALIGN

from the fishbowl...words of advice from leaders in the field

michaeldegnan

Posts: 269

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:57 am

Post by michaeldegnan » Fri Sep 11, 2020 12:44 pm

Searching for nuggets: watching, looking, seeing

Even though this class is taught in a way that is different compared to any of the other classes at URI, we still have the ability to gain a lot of valuable information in this course. Since I have taken Professor Dugal's course before (last semester), I believe I may have an advantage over others who haven’t yet had a course with him, only because I already have an understanding of what he expects. Over the course of my previous class with him, I have found that as long as you stay organized with all of your work and complete the assignments about the letters on time, the class becomes quite simple to manage.

Post by michaeldegnan » Sun Sep 13, 2020 5:14 pm

Text Books

Personally, I find the idea of reading a few pages each day much easier than reading large amounts of a book at once. Reading 3 pages per day and finding a sentence should not take longer than 10 minutes per day. This means that we will be gaining valuable pieces of information each day with our readings. Additionally, I believe that these books sound interesting because of how Professor Dugal tells us not to rush our readings. The reason he wants to take our time reading these pages is because of the powerful images and messages that this book tells.

Post by michaeldegnan » Sun Sep 13, 2020 6:19 pm

The Third Eye: Taking Words Further

One of the main lessons I learned from Professor Dugal's class is that in order to gain the most information, we have to take the words that he says and make our own interpretations of it. If people only read the letters and do not try to interpret the words into their own experiences, then they will only gain a limited amount of information. "In a nutshell: take a word further by substituting it, after sorting, sifting, and selecting." That is the advice that Professor Dugal gives and it should be followed when reading all of the letters that are sent.

Post by michaeldegnan » Sun Sep 13, 2020 6:48 pm

Some logistics on a Sunday morning

I am a complete believer that the best way to well in this class is to set a continuous routine of when to complete the work for this class. If you wait a few days and attempt to do all of the week's work at once, you will feel overwhelmed and it will take much more time than desired. Additionally, it is much easier to forget one of the assignments if you attempt to do them all at the same time. Last semester, it did take a few weeks for me to get the hang of how Professor Dugal's class works, but once you figure it out, I believe it becomes quite simple.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/13/2020 23:35:41
Subject: connectivity over efficiency
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi John,

1. There is vocabulary because you are drawing a boundary for the discourse; you are gathering words. 

2. You are ‘deconstructing' letters because that shows your levels of understanding of concepts. 

3. Then there are google searches. One sentence for each. These are important to learn the underlying theory and know the philosophers.

4. The interactive is your work concerning the four characteristics of transnational organizations for 345. For 448, we tackle Hofstede’s dimensions of culture.

5. Finally, the individual exercises. These are spontaneous and done for understanding some basic concepts.

The above are to be layered with felt-experiences. These come from memory, images and experience; they determine your interpretation of events from your life.

My letters are relentless. They are more concerned with describing phenomena that have changed the workplace like your fishbowl. Your fishbowl, you will discover, is based upon experiential knowing and knowledge building. 

All this might sound overwhelming, but it boils down to simple techniques for word constructions that are authentic and transparent in their intentions. Every one gets-it because it is not rocket science, but it is your outcomes, both individual and collective that continuously overwhelm. 

It is happening in blocks like lego. I don't feel rushed. I feel connected through words with you all. We are going to emphasize “connectivity" and not "efficiency”. 

Connection is emphasized is through process and practice in the course. The following are some of the ways discussed:

in the moment

intuitive and chance

exchange of words

image and imagination

interpretation

on going and flowing

pathway and trajectory

projection 

Sanjiv

On Sep 13, 2020, at 6:42 PM, John Butler <jbutler17@uri.edu> wrote:

Good evening Prof. Dugal,

Upon reading the syllabus and some of the other Letters (and what I have termed "Pre-Letters"), my understanding is that there is a minimum list of Topics which each team member must utilize for the successful completion of this course. For individual and group to be maximally efficient in this class, we must not do or use less than the prescribed topics, but we may use more than the prescribed topics listed in your syllabus and Letters. Is this roughly correct or have I grossly misinterpreted something? Thank you and have a great day.

John Butler

Philosophy & Accounting Major

jbutler17@uri.edu

alt: johnmbutler84@yahoo.com

cell: 260-206-8121

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/13/2020 23:34:57
Subject: connectivity over efficiency
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi John,

1. There is vocabulary because you are drawing a boundary for the discourse; you are gathering words. 

2. You are ‘deconstructing' letters because that shows your levels of understanding of concepts. 

3. Then there are google searches. One sentence for each. These are important to learn the underlying theory and know the philosophers.

4. The interactive is your work concerning the four characteristics of transnational organizations for 345. For 448, we tackle Hofstede’s dimensions of culture.

5. Finally, the individual exercises. These are spontaneous and done for understanding some basic concepts.

The above are to be layered with felt-experiences. These come from memory, images and experience; they determine your interpretation of events from your life.

My letters are relentless. They are more concerned with describing phenomena that have changed the workplace like your fishbowl. Your fishbowl, you will discover, is based upon experiential knowing and knowledge building. 

All this might sound overwhelming, but it boils down to simple techniques for word constructions that are authentic and transparent in their intentions. Every one gets-it because it is not rocket science, but it is your outcomes, both individual and collective that continuously overwhelm. 

It is happening in blocks like lego. I don't feel rushed. I feel connected through words with you all. We are going to emphasize “connectivity" and not "efficiency”. 

Connection is emphasized is through process and practice in the course. The following are some of the ways discussed:

in the moment

intuitive and chance

exchange of words

image and imagination

interpretation

on going and flowing

pathway and trajectory

projection 

Sanjiv

On Sep 13, 2020, at 6:42 PM, John Butler <jbutler17@uri.edu> wrote:

Good evening Prof. Dugal,

Upon reading the syllabus and some of the other Letters (and what I have termed "Pre-Letters"), my understanding is that there is a minimum list of Topics which each team member must utilize for the successful completion of this course. For individual and group to be maximally efficient in this class, we must not do or use less than the prescribed topics, but we may use more than the prescribed topics listed in your syllabus and Letters. Is this roughly correct or have I grossly misinterpreted something? Thank you and have a great day.

John Butler

Philosophy & Accounting Major

jbutler17@uri.edu

alt: johnmbutler84@yahoo.com

cell: 260-206-8121

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/13/2020 10:59:08
Subject: some logistics on a Sunday morning
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this sunday morning? There is much we have to accomplish between ourselves. By the start of next week, you must have introduced yourselves in your group and, you must have the routine down for navigating your fishbowls. Otherwise, you will be falling behind. 

To catch up, you have to read my letters, from the bottom up. You can’t ask me directly, until you have worked through the letters. It’s all there. Instructions, approach, requirements, dates and outcomes. We’re looking at each other in a textual world and, we are together producing a textual outcome which will have repercussions in our lives. There is much at stake here, and we will be talking about that subsequently. 

Creative action is between yourselves in the fishbowl. It’s known as Creaction up at Babson. More on this later. At a fundamental level, you have to get along. I am not the creator of your content. In fact, it is from you, for example, that I am re-learning and reflecting about Deleuze and his idea of plateaus. Some ideas just don’t go out of style. Thank you for that.

See yourselves as craftsmen of words. Our task this semester is precarious and fragile, like a porcelain workshop. I think that is a good metaphor.

What does all this mean and what do you have to do? You might be surprised...reading the other’s text shows respect for the written word and, listening to words shows caring for the written word. It doesn’t go beyond that, as only then can you say something that will add value, without repeating what is already said. 

It is bad etiquette to respond directly to each other in the fishbowl (send a private email instead), and nor do we do affirmation or criticism. Neither agreement nor disagreement. We’re not sitting in judgement of anyone’s selection of words. 

You are being asked to post in your own space, but also to look over and read your groups’ postings, with the purpose of learning from each other. What do you bring to the table; your contribution, and how much did you labor in producing it is the question. What is your process? 

 You labor alone in your own space, and only after that do you ‘look’ over at the others and make comparisons and contrast. It is the act of comparing and contrasting that adds value. Please keep that in mind. We are looking for differences in everything, like how you write your vocabulary, for example.

You’ll soon get the hang of it when you understand symbols! It’s a language game. Not difficult, only challenging and innovative. Don’t rush the process, savor it. 

You are learning to focus on words, and it is difficult because our minds are easily distracted. You are being asked to commit to a 'mental space' among yourselves. To be present, focused, engaged, transparent and authentic whenever you enter this space. Whenever and however you appear, emerge, surface, from everywhere, nowhere and anywhere. The virtual land of the fishbowl.

Letters, Words, Dictionary, Meaning, Select, Substitute, Sentence, Structure, Create, Invent, Reflect. 

In your fishbowls, you are constituting a kind of laboratory for experimentation in new 'forms of thinking' that help you conceive innovative practices applicable to any situation.

The course is not difficult but it does require immersion. Please wiki Immersion Technology

You’ve got to slow down and stare into space, thinking about the path (word) not selected. 

Sharing your process is to ‘depict' yourself. Doing everything together becomes the job. When we’re together, we cannot be stopped. That is the world of The Virus. We’re together whenever we're apart. We’re eyes looking at eyes. I can see you looking at me looking at you. I read into your words and between the lines. Be mindful. We’re not going anywhere in a hurry.

It is incredible the conditions under which we are living and strict puritanical discipline. On the other hand, what I have encountered in the fishbowl is a living portrait of immense vitality, brave, loving, generous. and rebellious, driven by enthusiasms and emotional conflicts that reflect very aptly the struggles of your shifting environments.

Sanjiv

MENTAL, SPACE, LABORATORY, EXPERIMENT, TEXTUAL, CONCEIVE, FORM, DEPICT, LOOK, COMPARE, CONTRAST, LOGISTICS (wiki)

from the fishbowl...caitlynoliver » Sat Sep 12, 2020 5:38 pm

Assembling Text: "welcome again & again always welcome" letter

	

Soft-Power (please google)- a persuasive approach to international relations, typically involving the use of economic or cultural influence.

Panopticon (please google)- (def.) a circular prison with cells arranged around a central well, from which prisoners could at all times be observed. 

Excerpt from the letter, "welcome again & again always welcome": The Big Eye is watching, and I will show you how to take it on the panopticon (please google)." 

From the tower the guards can see every cell but the prisoners can't see the guards.

David-Goliath Story (please google)- Excerpt from the letter, "welcome again & again always welcome": "It is the David-Goliath story (please google) metaphor for doing business.." 

David and Goliath is a secular story often referenced as a moral lesson of how underdogs can overcome the odds and be successful.

Deleuze & Guttari's "A Thousand Plateaus" (please google)- Excerpt from the letter, "welcome again & again always welcome": Instead of writing one long letter, I will write to you in bits and pieces, each letter a plateau like, Deleuze and Guattari’s "A Thousand Plateaus" (please google).

A plateau is an assemblage that organizes intensive processes into temporary stable states that can be given specific dates but can neither persist nor be repeated.

From: "The third eye: taking words further" letter

Deep Thinking (please google): Deep thinking is how we increase our number of valuable and useful thoughts. Your quantity of valuable thoughts has a direct effect on your quantity of valuable actions. We all think, but not all of us think deeply, which is thinking beyond what your mind defaults to.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/13/2020 10:40:36
Subject: some logistics on a Sunday morning
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this sunday morning? There is much we have to accomplish between ourselves. By the start of next week, you must have introduced yourselves in your group and, you must have the routine down for navigating your fishbowls. Otherwise, you will be falling behind. 

To catch up, you have to read my letters, from the bottom up. You can’t ask me directly, until you have worked through the letters. It’s all there. Instructions, approach, requirements, dates and outcomes. We’re looking at each other in a textual world and, we are together producing a textual outcome which will have repercussions in our lives. There is much at stake here, and we will be talking about that subsequently. 

Creative action is between yourselves in the fishbowl. It’s known as Creaction up at Babson. More on this later. At a fundamental level, you have to get along. I am not the creator of your content. In fact, it is from you, for example, that I am re-learning and reflecting about Deleuze and his idea of plateaus. Some ideas just don’t go out of style. Thank you for that.

See yourselves as craftsmen of words. Our task this semester is precarious and fragile, like a porcelain workshop. I think that is a good metaphor.

What does all this mean and what do you have to do? You might be surprised...reading the other’s text shows respect for the written word and, listening to words shows caring for the written word. It doesn’t go beyond that, as only then can you say something that will add value, without repeating what is already said. 

It is bad etiquette to respond directly to each other in the fishbowl (send a private email instead), and nor do we do affirmation or criticism. Neither agreement nor disagreement. We’re not sitting in judgement of anyone’s selection of words. 

You are being asked to post in your own space, but also to look over and read your groups’ postings, with the purpose of learning from each other. What do you bring to the table; your contribution, and how much did you labor in producing it is the question. What is your process? 

 You labor alone in your own space, and only after that do you ‘look’ over at the others and make comparisons and contrast. It is the act of comparing and contrasting that adds value. Please keep that in mind. We are looking for differences in everything, like how you write your vocabulary, for example.

You’ll soon get the hang of it when you understand symbols! It’s a language game. Not difficult, only challenging and innovative. Don’t rush the process, savor it. 

You are learning to focus on words, and it is difficult because our minds are easily distracted. You are being asked to commit to a 'mental space' among yourselves. To be present, focused, engaged, transparent and authentic whenever you enter this space. Whenever and however you appear, emerge, surface, from everywhere, nowhere and anywhere. The virtual land of the fishbowl.

Letters, Words, Dictionary, Meaning, Select, Substitute, Sentence, Structure, Create, Invent, Reflect. 

In your fishbowls, you are constituting a kind of laboratory for experimentation in new 'forms of thinking' that help you conceive innovative practices applicable to any situation.

The course is not difficult but it does require immersion. Please wiki Immersion Technology

You’ve got to slow down and stare into space, thinking about the path (word) not selected. 

Sharing your process is to ‘depict' yourself. Doing everything together becomes the job. When we’re together, we cannot be stopped. That is the world of The Virus. We’re together whenever we're apart. We’re eyes looking at eyes. I can see you looking at me looking at you. I read into your words and between the lines. Be mindful. We’re not going anywhere in a hurry.

It is incredible the conditions under which we are living and strict puritanical discipline. On the other hand, what I have encountered in the fishbowl is a living portrait of immense vitality, brave, loving, generous. and rebellious, driven by enthusiasms and emotional conflicts that reflect very aptly the struggles of your shifting environments.

Sanjiv

MENTAL, SPACE, LABORATORY, EXPERIMENT, TEXTUAL, CONCEIVE, FORM, DEPICT, LOOK, COMPARE, CONTRAST, LOGISTICS (wiki)

from the fishbowl...caitlynoliver » Sat Sep 12, 2020 5:38 pm

Assembling Text: "welcome again & again always welcome" letter

	

Soft-Power (please google)- a persuasive approach to international relations, typically involving the use of economic or cultural influence.

Panopticon (please google)- (def.) a circular prison with cells arranged around a central well, from which prisoners could at all times be observed. 

Excerpt from the letter, "welcome again & again always welcome": The Big Eye is watching, and I will show you how to take it on the panopticon (please google)." 

From the tower the guards can see every cell but the prisoners can't see the guards.

David-Goliath Story (please google)- Excerpt from the letter, "welcome again & again always welcome": "It is the David-Goliath story (please google) metaphor for doing business.." 

David and Goliath is a secular story often referenced as a moral lesson of how underdogs can overcome the odds and be successful.

Deleuze & Guttari's "A Thousand Plateaus" (please google)- Excerpt from the letter, "welcome again & again always welcome": Instead of writing one long letter, I will write to you in bits and pieces, each letter a plateau like, Deleuze and Guattari’s "A Thousand Plateaus" (please google).

A plateau is an assemblage that organizes intensive processes into temporary stable states that can be given specific dates but can neither persist nor be repeated.

From: "The third eye: taking words further" letter

Deep Thinking (please google): Deep thinking is how we increase our number of valuable and useful thoughts. Your quantity of valuable thoughts has a direct effect on your quantity of valuable actions. We all think, but not all of us think deeply, which is thinking beyond what your mind defaults to.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/12/2020 16:06:48
Subject: The Third Eye: Taking Words Further
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this morning? You are heroes and we need each other: a heightened respect and regard for the Other. 

Don’t let 'too much' get to you. 

Slow the Mind is the mantra for the semester. How to do that? 

Breathe consciously, as often as you can. Watch your breath, even when someone is talking to you.

1. You are dealing with a wide range of feelings, all jumbled up.

To survive such a situation, you have to be able to make sense.

Making Sense. Producing Sense. Being Sensible. All different things. 

Please reflect on each of them. How are you going to do that?

SORT, SIFT, SELECT, SUBSTITUTE, WORDS.

Have a personal relationship with your dictionary. 

Take a word further by sorting, sifting, selecting and substituting.

In this way, you are never at a loss for words. 

You can get whatever you want, but the outcome depends on what words you said.

2.There is much to absorb. Be a blotting paper (metaphor; see Colicci below). Write your thoughts in your fishbowl under the label Reflections on Letters. Is that what you are calling this box/category? Deconstructing Letters, or Reading Between the Lines are also good labels, I would think. Call it whatever you wish and change it whenever you wish, but here in this space of yours, it is quiet time for reflecting on thoughts. Thinking about thinking!

3. Get the hang of the basic organization of things in the fishbowl. That is, organizing your boxes and their labels. After that there can be little confusion or feeling lost. Our vision, our sight, our trajectory of thoughts become fixed by our mental structures. Our world, our relations, our societies, even our feelings, all have underlying structures. We can’t see them with the naked eye. You need a third eye!

4. Flexible structures are key when the environment is unpredictable and chaotic.

That is, flexibility in labeling our labels. Changing the words, changes the structure.

To change a structure is to change the labels. 

Producing such a change requires the skill of Deep Thinking (please google).

In a nutshell: take a word further by substituting it, after sorting, sifting and selecting. This is to focus on a word. Mindfulness. Meditating and contemplating on one word, every time, again and again. You could be awkward, stumble or fall, but there is no right nor wrong in this matter.

Sanjiv

DEEP THINKING (google), STRUCTURE, ORGANIZE, MAKE, PRODUCE, BE, SENSE, RANGE, FEELING, FOCUS, MEDITATE, CONTEMPLATE, MINDFUL

from the fishbowl...

nickcolicci

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Re: Making Notes

Wed Sep 09, 2020 1:03 pm

Per your dicitonary.com: Metaphors help writers and poets make a point in a more interesting way. They also help the reader see something from a new perspective. By describing tears as a river, for example, the writer found a creative way to describe how great the girl's sadness was and helped the reader see a similarity between tears and a river that they might not have noticed before. This makes reading more fun and interesting.

With the Fishbowl being a digital community, the best way to express impact and meaning is through the use of metaphors. They allow us to use powerful examples that resonate with a larger audience. In addition, it makes our reading and exercises more interesting. While it may take time to develop metaphors that fit one's style, we can learn a lot about our thought processes and mental structure while we embark on that journey.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/12/2020 16:06:07
Subject: The Third Eye: Taking Words Further
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you this morning? You are heroes and we need each other: a heightened respect and regard for the Other. 

Don’t let 'too much' get to you. 

Slow the Mind is the mantra for the semester. How to do that? 

Breathe consciously, as often as you can. Watch your breath, even when someone is talking to you.

1. You are dealing with a wide range of feelings, all jumbled up.

To survive such a situation, you have to be able to make sense.

Making Sense. Producing Sense. Being Sensible. All different things. 

Please reflect on each of them. How are you going to do that?

SORT, SIFT, SELECT, SUBSTITUTE, WORDS.

Have a personal relationship with your dictionary. 

Take a word further by sorting, sifting, selecting and substituting.

In this way, you are never at a loss for words. 

You can get whatever you want, but the outcome depends on what words you said.

2.There is much to absorb. Be a blotting paper (metaphor; see Colicci below). Write your thoughts in your fishbowl under the label Reflections on Letters. Is that what you are calling this box/category? Deconstructing Letters, or Reading Between the Lines are also good labels, I would think. Call it whatever you wish and change it whenever you wish, but here in this space of yours, it is quiet time for reflecting on thoughts. Thinking about thinking!

3. Get the hang of the basic organization of things in the fishbowl. That is, organizing your boxes and their labels. After that there can be little confusion or feeling lost. Our vision, our sight, our trajectory of thoughts become fixed by our mental structures. Our world, our relations, our societies, even our feelings, all have underlying structures. We can’t see them with the naked eye. You need a third eye!

4. Flexible structures are key when the environment is unpredictable and chaotic.

That is, flexibility in labeling our labels. Changing the words, changes the structure.

To change a structure is to change the labels. 

Producing such a change requires the skill of Deep Thinking (please google).

In a nutshell: take a word further by substituting it, after sorting, sifting and selecting. This is to focus on a word. Mindfulness. Meditating and contemplating on one word, every time, again and again. You could be awkward, stumble or fall, but there is no right nor wrong in this matter.

Sanjiv

DEEP THINKING (google), STRUCTURE, ORGANIZE, MAKE, PRODUCE, BE, SENSE, RANGE, FEELING, FOCUS, MEDITATE, CONTEMPLATE, MINDFUL

from the fishbowl...

nickcolicci

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Re: Making Notes

Wed Sep 09, 2020 1:03 pm

Per your dicitonary.com: Metaphors help writers and poets make a point in a more interesting way. They also help the reader see something from a new perspective. By describing tears as a river, for example, the writer found a creative way to describe how great the girl's sadness was and helped the reader see a similarity between tears and a river that they might not have noticed before. This makes reading more fun and interesting.

With the Fishbowl being a digital community, the best way to express impact and meaning is through the use of metaphors. They allow us to use powerful examples that resonate with a larger audience. In addition, it makes our reading and exercises more interesting. While it may take time to develop metaphors that fit one's style, we can learn a lot about our thought processes and mental structure while we embark on that journey.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/12/2020 15:50:07
Subject: text books
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you doing?

In BUS 448 we drop familiar habits of learning and interacting so as to engage more successfully with the unexpected and participate in the diverse world which surrounds us (Bateson).

By now you have both your text books. If you haven’t, please do so. I don’t expect you to encounter any difficulty. 

1. Mary Catherine Bateson’s Peripheral Visions is a classic for ‘learning along the way’ in foreign situations. 

In the fishbowl, you are operating on a plane of intersecting cultural dimensions. In such a situation, where the unexpected can be expected, it is essential to have peripheral vision.

Please read 3 pages of Bateson every day. Please copy one sentence from each page every time. Select the sentence for its abstract value. In this way, by the end of the semester, we will have read 235 pages. You will not be disappointed. Do slow time for this daily practice. Don’t rush the reading; dwell upon words and phrases. Ascertain meaning. 

2. The second text, Exploring Culture is a workbook by the famous Hofstede. More on his body of work later. There is time, and we don’t rush, remember. But we show up and read. We are all Eyes. At this point, read the Introduction with care. Deep learning always happens when you pull-out abstract ideas from every page. Soon you will want to do so from every paragraph. Abstracting. Digging for Gold. Study the Introduction and Table of Contents.

Sanjiv

HABIT, FAMILIAR, UNEXPECTED, PARTICIPATE, PERIPHERAL, VISION, EXPLORE, CULTURE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/11/2020 22:46:22
Subject: societies and mega cities
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you have settled into a routine of study for the semester. 

Please watch the Ted Talk by Parag Khanna below on "How megacities are changing the map of the world.”

Please write down 5 abstract ideas posited by the speaker. Abstract ideas are phrases or a sentence that speaks at a universal level. For example, Khanna says the future is about “Connectivity and not Sovereignty” is one such idea presented by the Talk Host.

You are learning to identify abstract ideas. You are learning to take ideas further by re-searching the meaning of the words used in the sentence that captures the idea, and you're editing and re-editing the meaning and in doing so, you are developing the idea in your own words. Always follow the KISS principle.

As an Introduction to the syllabus, the course considers how meaning and perception of time and space themselves vary over time and space, and this variance affects individual values and social processes of the most fundamental kind.

Sanjiv

MEANING, PERCEPTION, TIME, SPACE, IDEA, VARIANCE, SOCIAL, PROCESS, VALUE 

att/

https://www.ted.com/talks/parag_khanna_how_megacities_are_changing_the_map_of_the_world?language=en

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/11/2020 9:39:40
Subject: searching for nuggets: watching, looking, seeing
------------------------------------------------------------
Dear Kara,

Thank your for your email and I hope you are well. 

The course is taught through letter-writing. You receive written text, i.e., prose from me, several times a week. 

You are developing the skill of Abstraction. 

Please google Abstract Art and pull out a Sentence from your search that you wish to bring to the table. That is how the assignments will be. Assignments will always be embedded in my letters. Like nuggets in the sand. 

You are committing to a semester of continual assignments. How many of these assignments you do, how much you learn and absorb by doing them, and how much you share your knowing and knowledge creation, will be entirely up to you. That’s a promise, not a threat.

Whoever does the minimum gets a B. More on that later.

There are research methodologies involved and you will be made aware of them.

In your groups, you are jointly creating a knowing among yourselves and a knowledge content. You are learning how to do so.

The first and most enduring task is that you are reading what your group members are posting in their five subject areas, and you are taking them into account as you do the same. You are interacting only through reading the other’s text. You are not responding to the other’s text. You are merely reading it. You are reading the Text of the Other, looking for the difference between your texts. 

The course is big on the notionS of BETWEEN, DIFFERENCE and PROCESS. Please check out words in capital letters.

You are working on your own all semester, but in the awareness that two other people are reading you every time you make a post. You are looking at each other. So, even as you work alone, you can’t do without the other. You are together apart!

Presently, we are polishing the silver (metaphor), you could say, and we haven’t started to set the table yet. And what is cooking in the kitchen, don’t even ask!

Thus far, you have arrived in the fishbowl and you have set up five subject areas and you’ve read the syllabus and letters three times. You have also noticed some people have posted vocabularies and started researching and reassembling sentences from the internet and you’re wondering, am I behind or what. But you know Sanjiv is working on a letter and it will probably confuse you some more. That is all he seems to be doing. Working the words.

My role is to help you see things as symbols, concepts, and structures. Metaphors and analogies. The bigger picture. Your choices and decisions-making begins to evolve, develop and change. There is no end in sight!

I think it is early for us to meet. It’s all coming up. We are WATCHING ourselves in the fishbowl. We are learning To LOOK, and then, To SEE ourselves.

When you are through with this letter, you will have taken strides in understanding cultural dimensions.

Best wishes,

Sanjiv

ABSTRACT ART (please google), OTHER (google), TEXT, COMPOSE, EXPRESSION, EMBEDDED, AWARE, KNOWLEDGE, KNOWING, NUGGET, SHARE, CONTENT

On Sep 10, 2020, at 9:21 PM, Kara Dalton <kara_dalton@uri.edu> wrote:

Good evening Professor Dugal,

I wanted to introduce myself my name is Kara Dalton and I am a senior majoring in Textile, Merchandising & Design with a double minor in Business and Leadership Studies. I also wanted to reach out to let you know that I have read and reread your letters and I am just a little confused about how the fishbowl works and finding the work and what not. If possible I was wondering if we could have a meeting of some sort just so I can make sure that I fully understand where everything is on Fishbowl and what is expected of me. Thanks in advance and I look forward to this class and the semester.

Take care

Kara Dalton

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/11/2020 9:38:32
Subject: searching for nuggets: watching, looking, seeing
------------------------------------------------------------
Dear Kara,

Thank your for your email and I hope you are well. 

The course is taught through letter-writing. You receive written text, i.e., prose from me, several times a week. 

You are developing the skill of Abstraction. 

Please google Abstract Art and pull out a Sentence from your search that you wish to bring to the table. That is how the assignments will be. Assignments will always be embedded in my letters. Like nuggets in the sand. 

You are committing to a semester of continual assignments. How many of these assignments you do, how much you learn and absorb by doing them, and how much you share your knowing and knowledge creation, will be entirely up to you. That’s a promise, not a threat.

Whoever does the minimum gets a B. More on that later.

There are research methodologies involved and you will be made aware of them.

In your groups, you are jointly creating a knowing among yourselves and a knowledge content. You are learning how to do so.

The first and most enduring task is that you are reading what your group members are posting in their five subject areas, and you are taking them into account as you do the same. You are interacting only through reading the other’s text. You are not responding to the other’s text. You are merely reading it. You are reading the Text of the Other, looking for the difference between your texts. 

The course is big on the notionS of BETWEEN, DIFFERENCE and PROCESS. Please check out words in capital letters.

You are working on your own all semester, but in the awareness that two other people are reading you every time you make a post. You are looking at each other. So, even as you work alone, you can’t do without the other. You are together apart!

Presently, we are polishing the silver (metaphor), you could say, and we haven’t started to set the table yet. And what is cooking in the kitchen, don’t even ask!

Thus far, you have arrived in the fishbowl and you have set up five subject areas and you’ve read the syllabus and letters three times. You have also noticed some people have posted vocabularies and started researching and reassembling sentences from the internet and you’re wondering, am I behind or what. But you know Sanjiv is working on a letter and it will probably confuse you some more. That is all he seems to be doing. Working the words.

My role is to help you see things as symbols, concepts, and structures. Metaphors and analogies. The bigger picture. Your choices and decisions-making begins to evolve, develop and change. There is no end in sight!

I think it is early for us to meet. It’s all coming up. We are WATCHING ourselves in the fishbowl. We are learning To LOOK, and then, To SEE ourselves.

When you are through with this letter, you will have taken strides in understanding cultural dimensions.

Best wishes,

Sanjiv

ABSTRACT ART (please google), OTHER (google), TEXT, COMPOSE, EXPRESSION, EMBEDDED, AWARE, KNOWLEDGE, KNOWING, NUGGET, SHARE, CONTENT

On Sep 10, 2020, at 9:21 PM, Kara Dalton <kara_dalton@uri.edu> wrote:

Good evening Professor Dugal,

I wanted to introduce myself my name is Kara Dalton and I am a senior majoring in Textile, Merchandising & Design with a double minor in Business and Leadership Studies. I also wanted to reach out to let you know that I have read and reread your letters and I am just a little confused about how the fishbowl works and finding the work and what not. If possible I was wondering if we could have a meeting of some sort just so I can make sure that I fully understand where everything is on Fishbowl and what is expected of me. Thanks in advance and I look forward to this class and the semester.

Take care

Kara Dalton

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/9/2020 20:06:48
Subject: 448 questions for now
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Tyler,

Thank you for email and your questions. 

Our questions indicate our state of mind.

If you’ve registered and posted your Introduction to your group, you’re on top of things.

Congratulations!

When you click on your group, a page comes up and in a red box says New Topic.

Click on it.

An empty page with a Subject box shows up.

You are to type 5 subject topics. You can see how the others have done it.

1.Vocabulary: meaning

2.Response to Letters: deconstruction

3.Google Searches: assemblage

4.Interactive assignments: back and forth

5. Individual assignments: deep learning

After that you are all set. Whenever you post in a subject say Vocabulary, always hit Reply. That way your vocabulary will scroll down under one Subject and not a New Topic every time.

Take a look at Palumbo’s Vocabulary in 345/1. I love the way she does it. She has taken my class before, and I always read and study her Vocabulary. Neatly, simply and done with Integrity. Such things are now rendered visible.

Read, read, and read, everything slowly, and 3 times.

That is the trick.

Before you enter the fishbowl, get into the right frame of mind: empty the mind, slow it down, focus on words, watch like a Sniper (metaphor). Or, like a sportsman, eye on the ball.

There are no deadlines. Your responsibility is to your group and you must keep up together.

I will answer the rest of your questions as we progress. 

I hope this helps.

Sanjiv

On Sep 9, 2020, at 3:23 PM, Tyler Ramirez <tyler_ramirez@uri.edu> wrote:

Good afternoon professor Dugal,

I am writing this email to quickly introduce myself and ask a few questions. 

I have posted my introduction to fishbowl in my group forum that I understand.

However, I am confused about where to post the responses to you "Letters" and what exactly we have to do in response to those. I am also curious as to what the tentative schedule and reading requirements are for this course. 

I am a little confused about this "fishbowl" site so please be patient with me, I hope to catch on fast. If there is anything due soon or in the immediate future please let me know, also if you could provide any tips or tricks for this course or fishbowl it would be much appreciated.

Thanks, 

Tyler Ramirez

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/9/2020 18:33:16
Subject: welcome once more...
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Natalie,

How are you?

Nothing is Due today,

as such,

except, 

registering in the fishbowl, and 

saying Hi to your group, and 

reading the syllabus and my letters 3 times.

Plus getting hold of the two textbooks.

Steps to register;

1. go to sanjivdugal.net but don’t register yet because it will not accept it.

2. go the pdf attachment in my letter giving you Instructions. I’ll attach it below again.

3. the pdf has 5 pages. On the 5th page it tells you how to activate your account for the fishbowl.

4. Now go and register in sanjivduga.net. ID your full name, and password your last name.

You’re in. 

THere are four forums: 

LETTERS

345/1

345/2

448

Click on 448, and the next page will list your groups in the class.

Go down to Coughlin and click.

You get a page and on the LHS there is a box which says New Topic

Click on it and you get a blank page and topic subject.

THis is your space all semester.

By 3pm most of you should have successfully registere.

Your group is Carrick/Dalton. Their email addresses are above.

Best,

Sanjiv

att/ 

On Sep 9, 2020, at 1:58 PM, Natalie Coughlin <ncoughlin1@uri.edu> wrote:

Dear Sanjiv Dugal,

My name is Natalie Coughlin and I am in your BUS448 class on Wednesdays. I am just a little confused on what is due today and how we exactly work the Fishbowl. If you could try to explain to me in simple terms that would be amazing! Hope you're staying safe and dealing with the stress of COVID-19 well! I look forward to your class!

Sincerely, 

Natalie Coughlin 

On Wed, Sep 9, 2020 at 12:41 PM Sanjiv Dugal <sanjivdugal@uri.edu> wrote:

Hi Everyone,

How are you? Welcome! Welcome! So nice to be here together.

I teach through letter writing. Open a file and house my letters in one place. You will also find them in the fishbowl.

I will consciously be repeating myself a lot, until I am blue in the face.

Only to make sure that you are absorbing ideas and developing your points of view.

These are essential skills. Developing Ideas and View-points. Taking Positions and Explaining and Expressing yourself.

Approach to the Course:

We enter the fishbowl in the moment of reading this email.

The fishbowl is a metaphor for mental space, visual space, inter-subjective space.

It is sacred space: Between us. 

Between: you and me. 

Between: you and your group. 

Between you and the class. 

The development of our process can be checked-out in our groups.

We love process over outcome. 

We are continually seeking wider and larger audiences to express and show our process.

It is how we develop in interactive space.

We are learning to acquire soft-power (please google).

Our tools and instruments are text and images. 

We are wordsmiths. Craft people. Designers, artists, poets, painters, sculptors, weavers, stonemasons. Musicians and chefs and entrepreneurs.

And, we are process oriented.

Before you enter the fishbowl, slow the racing mind down. How so? 

Stop thinking about other things, except your breathing. I’m not kidding.

It will help you get in touch with the approach we’re following in class.

None of us have to show up at 3 on wednesdays. That’s what ASYNCHRONOUS time means. It is not like with Zoom. I find Zoom stressful because it is like making it on time to the movies. My girlfriend used to like to arrive at the theatre just-in-time when the credits began rolling. She couldn’t care about Previews. I knew we couldn’t last! 

In the fishbowl, you are showing-up the moment you read this letter, and you wait like a sniper. You become visible the moment you post in your fishbowl. The Big Eye is watching, and I will show you how to take it on. It is the David-Goliath story (please google) metaphor for doing business..

Instead of writing one long letter, I will write to you in bits and pieces, each letter a plateau like, Deleuze and Guattari’s "A Thousand Plateaus" (please google).

Whenever you google search, Please SELECT and post a sentence, a word, a phrase to hang your hat (metaphor) on. By so doing, you are making an original contribution to your group, who are doing the same:

deleuze and guattari: A thousand plateaus.

for example from wiki:

A "plateau", borrowed from ideas in Gregory Bateson's research on Balinese culture, is "a continuous, self-vibrating region of intensities"; the chapters in the book are described as plateaus, while their respective dates also signify a level of intensity, where "each plateau can be read starting anywhere and can be related to any other plateau.”

Post your google searches under Assemblage of Text. You can call it anything you are comfortable with. Call it Google Searches or Taking and Making Notes.

VOCABULARY will be in CAPITALS in the body of the letter and the words will be repeated at the end of my letter.

I will soon stop sending your email addresses. They have been sent until now to help you get in touch with each other whenever need be.

We start of slow at first. There are some heavy-hitters among you. Just to let you know. Let things EVOLVE and UNFOLD.

Sanjiv

ASYNCHRONOUS, SELECT, EVOLVE, UNFOLD, ABSORB

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/9/2020 16:43:13
Subject: welcome again and again...always welcome
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? Welcome! Welcome! So nice to be here together.

I teach through letter writing. Open a file and house my letters in one place. You will also find them in the fishbowl.

I will consciously be repeating myself a lot, until I am blue in the face.

Only to make sure that you are absorbing ideas and developing your points of view.

These are essential skills. Developing Ideas and View-points. Taking Positions and Explaining and Expressing yourself.

Approach to the Course:

We enter the fishbowl in the moment of reading this email.

The fishbowl is a metaphor for mental space, visual space, inter-subjective space.

It is sacred space: Between us. 

Between: you and me. 

Between: you and your group. 

Between you and the class. 

The development of our process can be checked-out in our groups.

We love process over outcome. 

We are continually seeking wider and larger audiences to express and show our process.

It is how we develop in interactive space.

We are learning to acquire soft-power (please google).

Our tools and instruments are text and images. 

We are wordsmiths. Craft people. Designers, artists, poets, painters, sculptors, weavers, stonemasons. Musicians and chefs and entrepreneurs.

And, we are process oriented.

Before you enter the fishbowl, slow the racing mind down. How so? 

Stop thinking about other things, except your breathing. I’m not kidding.

It will help you get in touch with the approach we’re following in class.

None of us have to show up at 3 on wednesdays. That’s what ASYNCHRONOUS time means. It is not like with Zoom. I find Zoom stressful because it is like making it on time to the movies. My girlfriend used to like to arrive at the theatre just-in-time when the credits began rolling. She couldn’t care about Previews. I knew we couldn’t last! 

In the fishbowl, you are showing-up the moment you read this letter, and you wait like a sniper. You become visible the moment you post in your fishbowl. The Big Eye is watching, and I will show you how to take it on. It is the David-Goliath story (please google) metaphor for doing business..

Instead of writing one long letter, I will write to you in bits and pieces, each letter a plateau like, Deleuze and Guattari’s "A Thousand Plateaus" (please google).

Whenever you google search, Please SELECT and post a sentence, a word, a phrase to hang your hat (metaphor) on. By so doing, you are making an original contribution to your group, who are doing the same:

deleuze and guattari: A thousand plateaus.

for example from wiki:

A "plateau", borrowed from ideas in Gregory Bateson's research on Balinese culture, is "a continuous, self-vibrating region of intensities"; the chapters in the book are described as plateaus, while their respective dates also signify a level of intensity, where "each plateau can be read starting anywhere and can be related to any other plateau.”

Post your google searches under Assemblage of Text. You can call it anything you are comfortable with. Call it Google Searches or Taking and Making Notes.

VOCABULARY will be in CAPITALS in the body of the letter and the words will be repeated at the end of my letter.

I will soon stop sending your email addresses. They have been sent until now to help you get in touch with each other whenever need be.

We start of slow at first. There are some heavy-hitters among you. Just to let you know. Let things EVOLVE and UNFOLD.

Sanjiv

ASYNCHRONOUS, SELECT, EVOLVE, UNFOLD, ABSORB

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/9/2020 16:42:27
Subject: welcome again and again...always welcome
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? Welcome! Welcome! So nice to be here together.

I teach through letter writing. Open a file and house my letters in one place. You will also find them in the fishbowl.

I will consciously be repeating myself a lot, until I am blue in the face.

Only to make sure that you are absorbing ideas and developing your points of view.

These are essential skills. Developing Ideas and View-points. Taking Positions and Explaining and Expressing yourself.

Approach to the Course:

We enter the fishbowl in the moment of reading this email.

The fishbowl is a metaphor for mental space, visual space, inter-subjective space.

It is sacred space: Between us. 

Between: you and me. 

Between: you and your group. 

Between you and the class. 

The development of our process can be checked-out in our groups.

We love process over outcome. 

We are continually seeking wider and larger audiences to express and show our process.

It is how we develop in interactive space.

We are learning to acquire soft-power (please google).

Our tools and instruments are text and images. 

We are wordsmiths. Craft people. Designers, artists, poets, painters, sculptors, weavers, stonemasons. Musicians and chefs and entrepreneurs.

And, we are process oriented.

Before you enter the fishbowl, slow the racing mind down. How so? 

Stop thinking about other things, except your breathing. I’m not kidding.

It will help you get in touch with the approach we’re following in class.

None of us have to show up at 3 on wednesdays. That’s what ASYNCHRONOUS time means. It is not like with Zoom. I find Zoom stressful because it is like making it on time to the movies. My girlfriend used to like to arrive at the theatre just-in-time when the credits began rolling. She couldn’t care about Previews. I knew we couldn’t last! 

In the fishbowl, you are showing-up the moment you read this letter, and you wait like a sniper. You become visible the moment you post in your fishbowl. The Big Eye is watching, and I will show you how to take it on. It is the David-Goliath story (please google) metaphor for doing business..

Instead of writing one long letter, I will write to you in bits and pieces, each letter a plateau like, Deleuze and Guattari’s "A Thousand Plateaus" (please google).

Whenever you google search, Please SELECT and post a sentence, a word, a phrase to hang your hat (metaphor) on. By so doing, you are making an original contribution to your group, who are doing the same:

deleuze and guattari: A thousand plateaus.

for example from wiki:

A "plateau", borrowed from ideas in Gregory Bateson's research on Balinese culture, is "a continuous, self-vibrating region of intensities"; the chapters in the book are described as plateaus, while their respective dates also signify a level of intensity, where "each plateau can be read starting anywhere and can be related to any other plateau.”

Post your google searches under Assemblage of Text. You can call it anything you are comfortable with. Call it Google Searches or Taking and Making Notes.

VOCABULARY will be in CAPITALS in the body of the letter and the words will be repeated at the end of my letter.

I will soon stop sending your email addresses. They have been sent until now to help you get in touch with each other whenever need be.

We start of slow at first. There are some heavy-hitters among you. Just to let you know. Let things EVOLVE and UNFOLD.

Sanjiv

ASYNCHRONOUS, SELECT, EVOLVE, UNFOLD, ABSORB

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/9/2020 14:30:29
Subject: class
------------------------------------------------------------
HI Matt,

How are you? I hope you are well.

I trust you are receiving and reading my emails.

You should be registered in the fishbowl by now. 

PLease take action after reading the letter on instructions.

Answering your questions below.

Not using brightspace, but sanjivdugal.net

Its a bill board and you have to activate your account (p.5) before registering.

PLease do so before the day is out.

INstructions have been sent. Should I resend?

Once done with registration, you will find your course section, your group and your name.Click on it.

Your group is waiting. Be kind. Don’t keep others waiting and wondering. Not a smart way to begin a social.

Also, make an entry. Say Hi in the fishbowl.

The course is taught through letters sent in your email box.

They are also visible in the fishbowl. 

Assignments, etc. all will be sent through the letters.

You will complete them in your space in the fishbowl. 

You are forging a space into the unknown.

The course is online. 

Face to face is not with me, but with your group.

We will listen to The Virus to tell us when.

We accept uncertainty and take and make actions accordingly.

We are living in the moment and on the edge...of the cliffs of the heart.

Best,

Sanjiv

FORGE, SPACE, UNCERTAINTY, CLIFF, EDGE

On Sep 9, 2020, at 10:00 AM, Matt Sanfratello <msanfratello27@uri.edu> wrote:

Hello professor,

I am new to brightspace and was checking to see if this class was uploaded on there yet. I was wondering if there will be assignments uploaded on brightspace. Also, on ecampus it says that this is an in person class, i was wondering if you are offering online as well or strictly in class.

Thank you,

Matt Sanfratello

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/9/2020 10:57:01
Subject: Fishbowl Instructions
------------------------------------------------------------
Dear Will Healis,

At the outset thank you for your email. I can well imagine your level of stress and I have every intention of dispelling it in my reply.

To begin with, this entire semester, I will write and tell you the What of the steps and, at the same time, the Why of the steps.

For the moment, what I am asking of you is to slow your mind by becoming conscious of your breathing. Watch and listen to the breath. And keep in mind during the process, that my job is to help you grow as a human being. PLease do this every time you enter the fishbowl. There is no rushing there. We don’t breeze through nor swim fast in the fishbowl. We’re floating or strolling in the park, because we’re watching to make eye contact. These are all metaphors. They help us communicate with each other.

1. During the semester, don’t break the thread (metaphor) of my letters. Read each one at least 3 times. The entire semester will EMANATE and UNFOLD from the Letters. You’re paying me for these letters (words and sentences and paragraphs) but you have to do the work. Like going to the Gym (metaphor again). 

The work you are being asked to do is develop the art of taking and making notes. To be good at doing this in an environment that is unpredictable, fast changing and confusing.

2. I sent you a letter in your mail box called Fishbowl Instruction on 9/2. I’m reproducing it below.

Open the pdf file attached (sent to your email).

It will show you the steps page click by page.

Page 5 is important. You have to activate your account. Some of you forget to do this.

After that give yourself and id as your fullname and your password as your last name. IT makes things simpler.

Sanjiv

Good morning Everyone,

Please go to www.sanjivdugal.net

I am attaching instructions in a pdf to log into the fishbowl.

ID is your full name without a gap. Password is your last name.

On page 5 of the instructions are two links for you to activate your account. 

Please be sure to do so.

Good luck and welcome aboard.

After that, scroll down to your group and name and click.

Sanjiv

On Sep 8, 2020, at 11:29 PM, Will Healis <williamhealis@uri.edu> wrote:

Hello Professor Dugal,

I am having difficulties setting up Fishbowl and was wondering how it it done. Thank you.

Will Heais

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/9/2020 10:55:58
Subject: Fishbowl Instructions
------------------------------------------------------------
Dear Will Healis,

At the outset thank you for your email. I can well imagine your level of stress and I have every intention of dispelling it in my reply.

To begin with, this entire semester, I will write and tell you the What of the steps and, at the same time, the Why of the steps.

For the moment, what I am asking of you is to slow your mind by becoming conscious of your breathing. Watch and listen to the breath. And keep in mind during the process, that my job is to help you grow as a human being. PLease do this every time you enter the fishbowl. There is no rushing there. We don’t breeze through nor swim fast in the fishbowl. We’re floating or strolling in the park, because we’re watching to make eye contact. These are all metaphors. They help us communicate with each other.

1. During the semester, don’t break the thread (metaphor) of my letters. Read each one at least 3 times. The entire semester will EMANATE and UNFOLD from the Letters. You’re paying me for these letters (words and sentences and paragraphs) but you have to do the work. Like going to the Gym (metaphor again). 

The work you are being asked to do is develop the art of taking and making notes. To be good at doing this in an environment that is unpredictable, fast changing and confusing.

2. I sent you a letter in your mail box called Fishbowl Instruction on 9/2. I’m reproducing it below.

Open the pdf file attached (in your email).

It will show you the steps page click by page.

Page 5 is important. You have to activate your account. Some of you forget to do this.

After that give yourself and id as your fullname and your password as your last name. IT makes things simpler.

Sanjiv

Good morning Everyone,

Please go to www.sanjivdugal.net

I am attaching instructions in a pdf to log into the fishbowl.

ID is your full name without a gap. Password is your last name.

On page 5 of the instructions are two links for you to activate your account. 

Please be sure to do so.

Good luck and welcome aboard.

After that, scroll down to your group and name and click.

Sanjiv 

On Sep 8, 2020, at 11:29 PM, Will Healis <williamhealis@uri.edu> wrote:

Hello Professor Dugal,

I am having difficulties setting up Fishbowl and was wondering how it it done. Thank you.

Will Heais

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/9/2020 0:28:36
Subject: writing letters to you
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you doing? There are some basics at this point that will only make sense, so long as you have entered the fishbowl. 

By tomorrow you must have activated, registered and surfaced in your fishbowls. 

50% of my letters will be sent to both courses (345 & 448). 

You will receive my letters in two places. Your mail box and in the fishbowl under Letters under your course.

Slow Down your mind, and reflect on the words in my letters.

That is the key. 

Read them 3 times and think about what they are saying. 

Once you’ve activated your account and registered and surfaced in your fishbowl, you are broadly categorizing your work into five subject areas in which you will sort your work.

These subject categories are fluid and you may move and change wordings as you wish. 

They are broadly the following:

Vocabulary: Meaning of Words from dictionary

Deconstructing Letters from Instructor

Assembling Text (from google)

Interactive Exercises with group

Individual Exercies

To summarize, you are learning to take and make notes and the goal is to create meaning together with your group. 

This activity is at the heart of critical thinking.

I will be helping you develop your process (of taking and making notes) by writing to you regularly.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/9/2020 0:27:49
Subject: writing letters to you
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you doing? There are some basics at this point that will only make sense, so long as you have entered the fishbowl. 

By tomorrow you must have activated, registered and surfaced in your fishbowls. 

50% of my letters will be sent to both courses (345 & 448). 

You will receive my letters in two places. Your mail box and in the fishbowl under Letters under your course.

Slow Down your mind, and reflect on the words in my letters.

That is the key. 

Read them 3 times and think about what they are saying. 

Once you’ve activated your account and registered and surfaced in your fishbowl, you are broadly categorizing your work into five subject areas in which you will sort your work.

These subject categories are fluid and you may move and change wordings as you wish. 

They are broadly the following:

Vocabulary: Meaning of Words from dictionary

Deconstructing Letters from Instructor

Assembling Text (from google)

Interactive Exercises with group

Individual Exercies

To summarize, you are learning to take and make notes and the goal is to create meaning together with your group. 

This activity is at the heart of critical thinking.

I will be helping you develop your process (of taking and making notes) by writing to you regularly.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/30/2020 15:38:23
Subject: Enter and Interpret Article with Slogans in 443
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I hope you are keeping safe and well.

The KISS principle is an important one.

In difficult times, how does one be fearless in the places that scare us?

Ancient wisdom teaches us to create Warrior Slogans. 

In all activities, train with slogans.

The 5 structures you create in your final must be simple sentences, like slogans. Pithy statements but universally true. Remove the first person, and reduce the number of concepts to 2 or 3 in the structure.

Only then you are able to enter and interpret the article on the final in 443.

It’s a word game, and you must implement the right rules.

I will construct one last email, on how to complete what is expected in the final in 443.

Wishing you the best.

Sanjiv

SLOGAN, WARRIOR

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/29/2020 14:33:04
Subject: Final Article (443)
------------------------------------------------------------
An Artistʼs New Migration Song - The New York Times

4/29/20, 7)58 AM

https://nyti.ms/3cNxYS3

An Artist’s New Migration Song

Serge Alain Nitegeka can’t leave South Africa, but his art, on the refugee condition, is traveling.

By Siddhartha Mitter

April 26, 2020

Serge Alain Nitegeka hasn’t been free to roam in a while. For over ﬁve years, the Johannesburg artist has been unable to leave South Africa as he waits for his case for citizenship there to be resolved. (He was born in Rwanda.)

Overseas exhibitions, commissions — he’s had them. But from a remove. Paintings are easy enough: You pack them, and give instructions for how they need to hang. Installations are more complicated. One new work involves a plot of fresh soil, a bundle of twigs, as in ﬁrewood, and Mr. Nitegeka’s sculptures of makeshift objects that migrants and refugees often carry.

The work represents a pit-stop on a forced journey; its spirit requires that the dirt and wood be local. For Mr. Nitegeka’s exhibition “Black Migrant,” with the Marianne Boesky gallery (it is viewable by appointment or on the gallery website), he relied on the gallery team to gather New York dirt, which turned out darker and mulchier than the reddish soil Mr. Nitegeka had pictured. That was ﬁne — adaptation was the point of the piece. But the more tactile and sensory these decisions, the more the distance frustrated him.

“It gets in the way of progress,” he said by telephone from Johannesburg recently. “You need to be in there, smell it, feel the presence.”

Nevertheless, he added, “that’s the beauty of art in this day and age, things can go and you can have a show still.” His situation has given him practice in the remote work that many artists will likely confront in the aftermath of the coronavirus pandemic until travel becomes feasible.

https://www.nytimes.com/2020/04/26/arts/design/south-africa-nitegeka-artist.html

Page 1 of 7 An Artistʼs New Migration Song - The New York Times

4/29/20, 7)58 AM

A view of Serge Alain Nitegeka’s exhibition “Black Migrant” at Marianne Boesky gallery. At center is “Migrant I,” an installation of soil, ﬁrewood and sculpted objects that recall the things that migrants carry on their journey. Lance Brewer

Perhaps ﬁttingly, Mr. Nitegeka’s work is all about displacement and obstacles. Forced migration, he said, is his “lifelong exploration.” Its roots are speciﬁc and intense. He was an 11-year-old in Rwanda when the 1994 genocide occurred. The family left in a hurry.

“I didn’t even have a chance to go back in the house,” he said. “Someone arrived, and my dad was like — your sister, your brother, your mum, you’ve got to go now.” There wasn’t time to put together the “fragile cargo,” the migrant’s bag of essential or treasured items.

Across the Congolese border in Goma, a cholera epidemic swept through the city. The boy roamed the town on his own, from the hillside where the family rented a room on the edge of the refugee camp, down to the lake. “There were dead bodies in the street, rolled up in mats, some not even covered,” he said. “And there was this stench.”

Mr. Nitegeka made it to Nairobi, where he attended high school, and then to Johannesburg. “I had nothing,” he said. “I could survive on ﬁve dollars, even three dollars, for a month.” He found his way to art school at the University of the Witwatersrand.

https://www.nytimes.com/2020/04/26/arts/design/south-africa-nitegeka-artist.html

Page 2 of 7 An Artistʼs New Migration Song - The New York Times

4/29/20, 7)58 AM

The artist in his studio. Wood is ubiquitous in his practice, as a surface for his paintings, and in his dramatic installations made of criss-crossing planks Gulshan Khan for The New York Times

Since his ﬁrst exhibition in 2008, his career has ﬂourished. In 2015 he had a solo show at SCAD Museum of Art in Savannah, Ga., and Boesky devoted its Armory Show booth to his work. The same year, he participated in the South African pavilion at the Venice Biennale.

Mr. Nitegeka is best known for his use of abstraction, notably his dramatic installations that involve forests of crisscrossing plywood planks, connected at irregular angles, painted black. Each is built to ﬁt the space — a gallery, a museum hallway, or in a spectacular example recently, the atrium of the Norval Foundation in Cape Town.

The installations have a mathematical beauty — a geometry. But they are also unruly, bristling. Visitors have to pick their way through the maze. Though rendered in an elegant formalized language — Mr. Nitegeka, a student of Minimalism, has cited Richard Serra as an inﬂuence, along with architects like Louis Kahn — the works are an obstacle course that symbolizes the migrant’s journey.

His paintings, too, operate in a narrow palette: black, red, yellow, a speciﬁc blue. They are made on wood, often leaving sections exposed. The sense of carpentry runs through all his projects, as when he includes in his installations the wood crates used to ship the art, as ready-mades.

https://www.nytimes.com/2020/04/26/arts/design/south-africa-nitegeka-artist.html

Page 3 of 7 An Artistʼs New Migration Song - The New York Times

4/29/20, 7)58 AM

“Migrant: Studio Study VI,” 2020. Serge Alain Nitegeka and Marianne

Boesky Gallery

“Migrant: Studio Study VII,” 2020. Serge Alain Nitegeka and Marianne

Boesky Gallery

https://www.nytimes.com/2020/04/26/arts/design/south-africa-nitegeka-artist.html

Page 4 of 7 An Artistʼs New Migration Song - The New York Times

4/29/20, 7)58 AM

Mr. Nitegeka’s “Things I lost to the soil II,” from 2020, dried and pressed paint on wood.

and Marianne Boesky Gallery

Serge Alain Nitegeka

They invoke the art trade, but also, as the curator Hansi Momodu-Gordon observed in a 2015 essay, “the artist’s personal story of forced migration and perhaps also the forced transportation of African people during the slave trade.”

In the past decade, as the global refugee and migrant crisis became a salient topic for artists, Mr. Nitegeka’s language set him apart from more literal approaches.

“He has a different way of engaging political metaphors,” said the curator Marie-Ann Yemsi, who has included Mr. Nitegeka in an upcoming show at the Palais de Tokyo, in Paris. “These questions of desperation, of loss, are present in his work in an abstract fashion, but at the same time anchor it in the tumult of the world.”

In Johannesburg, Mr. Nitegeka rents a large studio in an industrial zone across the freeway from downtown. The city has a busy art scene but Mr. Nitegeka keeps his own company. When not at home with his wife and two children or working late in the studio, he’s more likely to be cycling the city on an aimless six-hour ride.

Privacy is his default mode. Speaking with me in his studio last year, he had brushed away talk of his personal journey. “It’s a story I don’t want to engage,” he said.

Yet his new work at Boesky strikes a different tone, lyrical and intimate. The installation of dirt has a pathos and directness absent from his geometric pieces. His new paintings mark a return to the ﬁgurative, with a series of charcoal self-portraits: He is nude, standing or crouching, his body barred by black blotches of paint as if pressed by a burden.

https://www.nytimes.com/2020/04/26/arts/design/south-africa-nitegeka-artist.html

Page 5 of 7 An Artistʼs New Migration Song - The New York Times

If Abstraction was his protective fortress, he is starting to lower the walls.

4/29/20, 7)58 AM

“I wanted to go back to ﬁguration because there is that vulnerability,” Mr. Nitegeka said. “There’s a kind of self-evaluation that comes from looking at myself, the exercise of taking pictures of myself in the studio. It’s quite exhausting.”

Mr. Nitegeka in his studio in Johannesburg. Known for abstraction, he is making new work, including selfportraits, that reveal more of his personal migration story. “I wanted to go back to ﬁguration because there is that vulnerability,” he said. Gulshan Khan for The New York Times

He has also made, for the ﬁrst time, an audio piece, in which a speaker inside an art crate plays his voice, reading an excerpt from his journal. It describes a border crossing: The uncertainty that you will be let through, the moment of fear, and then the march forward.

The entry, from 2012, describes a speciﬁc incident, Mr. Nitegeka said, though he prefers not to say where. But it was a moment when memories of leaving Rwanda came rushing at him.

“It’s part of a kind of healing process,” he said. “Some of the things in there, my wife keeps urging me to talk about them: ‘Have you seen someone? Have you told your friends?’ Dealing with some of this stuff, especially at a young age — my path has been slowly, slowly, slowly. This time felt right to start unpacking.”

For Mr. Nitegeka, one consequence of his displacement is that he is stateless. He has managed to travel in the past but on temporary papers. His application for South African citizenship is underway, he said, but the process takes time.

https://www.nytimes.com/2020/04/26/arts/design/south-africa-nitegeka-artist.html

Page 6 of 7 An Artistʼs New Migration Song - The New York Times

4/29/20, 7)58 AM

Since late March, South Africa has been under lockdown as the government tries to get ahead of the coronavirus shrinking Mr. Nitegeka’s world even further. From Johannesburg, he sent a message by WhatsApp, expressing concern for New York City.

“I haven’t left the conﬁnes of my home,” he wrote. “Appreciating the surreal silence, the sudden halt to almost everything, spending more time with my loved ones.” He added, “ Trying to focus on the positives.”

Through May 9, Serge Alain Nitegeka, “Black Migrant,” at Marianne Boesky Gallery; viewable by appointment and online.

Correction: April 27, 2020

An earlier version of this article misspelled the given name of a curator. She is Marie-Ann Yemsi, not Mari-Ann.

A version of this article appears in print on April 27, 2020, Section C, Page 1 of the New York edition with the headline: He Can’t Travel, but His Art Can

https://www.nytimes.com/2020/04/26/arts/design/south-africa-nitegeka-artist.html

Page 7 of 7

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/29/2020 14:28:29
Subject: (Final 443) New York Times Article
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Please see the article attached below, "An Artist’s New Migration Song” by Siddhartha Mitter, April 26, 2020, Arts & Design section of the New York Times. 

The article constitutes your Final. You are applying your model of five boxes/structures upon this text. You are framing your interpretation of this article by using your design model like a template which you developed separately in a fishbowl over the past three months.

You’re testing the waters of your design. You’re taking a risk. Does it have merit? Can it be generalized? Does it lead to new ideas?

You enter this fray with an advantage: your design is built upon self-reflection and lived-experience within the context of a visual culture. You have lived and felt your concepts, and you know what you are talking about. Your resources are your self-generated text.

Read the article a few times. The third reading is when you pull out phrases and words from the text... and dwell upon them. Think about them from your lived-experience, which can be hypothetical but never hypocritical. You walk the talk. 

You are free to tweak and change what you have done so far, leading up to the model and during its application. The final has to be cohesive. You have to be confident in the words you chose and the design you constructed and the outcome of its application. More instructions to follow. 

You are to post your final at the due date and time. May 4, 6pm. There can be no late-comers after that. 

Right up to that day, you may continue working on 15 words, 2+1 words in 5 boxes, and 5 sentences. But don’t lose your previous text. Your movement to the core is worth showing.

Don’t rush the final and wait for more instructions. Please remember it is a word-game.

Sanjiv

HYPOTHETICAL, HYPOCRITICAL, TEMPLATE, COHESIVE, FRAY

From The New York Times:

An Artist’s New Migration Song

Serge Alain Nitegeka can’t leave South Africa, but his art, on the refugee condition, is traveling.

https://www.nytimes.com/2020/04/26/arts/design/south-africa-nitegeka-artist.html?smid=em-share

Please open the attachments:

https://www.nytimes.com/2020/04/26/arts/design/south-africa-nitegeka-artist.html

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/28/2020 23:45:30
Subject: meaning of design (443)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

What is the meaning of design weaves through your fishbowls. To design is much more than simply to assemble, to order, or even to edit; it is to add value and meaning, to illuminate, to simplify, to clarify, to modify, to dignify, to dramatize, to persuade, and perhaps even to amuse.

To design is to transform prose into poetry. Design broadens perception, magnifies experience, and enhances vision. Design is the product of feeling and awareness, of ideas that originate in the mind of the designer and culminates, one hopes, in the mind of the viewer. The designer's skill can also be used for deception, seduction is one of its many masks.

Design is both a verb and a noun. It is the beginning as well as the end, the process and product of imagination. Like an onion with multiple layers, the more it peels, the more it reveals. Content (your felt-experience) is the raw material of design. Form (your structure), in turn, is the reorganization and manipulation of content.

Your Design in 443 is a fusion of form and content.

Keeping it simple is key; two concepts per structure. You arrive at them by way of a journey through a forest of words.

Your labor and thought that you put in, never fails to astound.

Sanjiv

FUSION

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/28/2020 22:36:01
Subject: the doing of it (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Your fishbowls examine the relationships between reality (your felt experiences) and symbolic systems (your abstractions).

You are involved in constructing an understanding of shared existence.

Several things:

Keep your abstract structures extremely simple. JUST TWØ concepts and a THIRD to tie them up.

When you re-structure, SUBSTITUTE the words from the original opening structure. You are changing the meaning. You are creating new meaning. YOu are not trying to copy the original structure. So don’t use those words.

443. The five boxes and their sentences must be simple sentences, otherwise you will find it impossible to do the final. Just relate 2 concepts for each box.

In your 10+1 steps, revisit and simplify the conceptual framework and re-interpret the felt-experience. It doesn’t take long. Try not to delete the previous structures, because we want to see your iterations and directions that you choose.

SUBSTITUE, SUBSTITUE. 

CHANGE MEANING BY TAKING IT FORWARD...INTO THE UNKNOWN.

Feedback to Work the following structures again. SImplify.

Sentence construction:

1. We all have feelings, and with these feelings we are able to create emotions and thoughts to share with others and the world.

2. When I breathe, there is warmth in the air and I am filled with passion thinking about the thoughts that flutter my consciounse.

3. Only those with adoration can express both sympathy and empathy, simultaneously.

4. I have an understanding that allows me to devote time to the healing of others with compassion.

5. When I am happy, I have desire and affection to cure myself and to cure others.

Feed Back on Sentence construction:

1. We all have feelings, and with these feelings we are able to create emotions and thoughts to share with others and the world.

I would write: "Share emotions and thoughts with the world.”

2. When I breathe, there is warmth in the air and I am filled with passion thinking about the thoughts that flutter my consciounse.

"Breath is life.”

3. Only those with adoration can express both sympathy and empathy, simultaneously.

Take these words further: adoration, sympathy and empathy and substitute and simplify.

4. I have an understanding that allows me to devote time to the healing of others with compassion.

Understanding compassion for others.

5. When I am happy, I have desire and affection to cure myself and to cure others.

Take the words Desire and Cure further and re-write.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/28/2020 22:34:49
Subject: the doing of it (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Your fishbowls examine the relationships between reality (your felt experiences) and symbolic systems (your abstractions).

You are involved in constructing an understanding of shared existence.

Several things:

Keep your abstract structures extremely simple. JUST TWØ concepts and a THIRD to tie them up.

When you re-structure, SUBSTITUTE the words from the original opening structure. You are changing the meaning. You are creating new meaning. YOu are not trying to copy the original structure. So don’t use those words.

443. The five boxes and their sentences must be simple sentences, otherwise you will find it impossible to do the final. Just relate 2 concepts for each box.

In your 10+1 steps, revisit and simplify the conceptual framework and re-interpret the felt-experience. It doesn’t take long. Try not to delete the previous structures, because we want to see your iterations and directions that you choose.

SUBSTITUE, SUBSTITUE. 

CHANGE MEANING BY TAKING IT FORWARD...INTO THE UNKNOWN.

Feedback to Work the following structures again. SImplify.

Sentence construction:

1. We all have feelings, and with these feelings we are able to create emotions and thoughts to share with others and the world.

2. When I breathe, there is warmth in the air and I am filled with passion thinking about the thoughts that flutter my consciounse.

3. Only those with adoration can express both sympathy and empathy, simultaneously.

4. I have an understanding that allows me to devote time to the healing of others with compassion.

5. When I am happy, I have desire and affection to cure myself and to cure others.

Feed Back on Sentence construction:

1. We all have feelings, and with these feelings we are able to create emotions and thoughts to share with others and the world.

I would write: "Share emotions and thoughts with the world.”

2. When I breathe, there is warmth in the air and I am filled with passion thinking about the thoughts that flutter my consciounse.

"Breath is life.”

3. Only those with adoration can express both sympathy and empathy, simultaneously.

Take these words further: adoration, sympathy and empathy and substitute and simplify.

4. I have an understanding that allows me to devote time to the healing of others with compassion.

Understanding compassion for others.

5. When I am happy, I have desire and affection to cure myself and to cure others.

Take the words Desire and Cure further and re-write.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/27/2020 17:28:40
Subject: free from shackles (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Some general tips, hints, suggestions that I have gathered over the years regarding 10+1 and, deconstruct and infuse...

Your site of operation is Form and Content. That is, Structure and Felt-Experience.

You want to set up a dialog between the two, and you want to be transparent and authentic about it.

You set up this dialog by your Return Visit to the Site of action.

Your purpose and your journey is to get to the essence (the core words) of things.

Like in Strictly Ballroom, the Grandma said, “listen to the rhythm.” She gave Scott the word: rhythm.

And Scott listened. Listening is a key skill in this day and age. 

Please see Yasir Aloshban’s postings on leadership, reflexivity and Giddens.

Whenever you are re-structuring or deconstructing, substitute the original words. By changing the words, you are forging ideas ahead. You are setting yourself and your audience free from the shackles of previous given words. This is where creativity is key. Yours is a structuring, structured text. You are a constructing, constructed individual. Show this progression. It is your act. Your time to be in the lime-light and shine. No one can tell you otherwise, because you created it. Right out of your imagination. Its worth is in the fact that form and content fits. 

You are a reflexive leader and you move your audience by touching them.

Sanjiv

SHACKLES

from the fishbowl...

yasir Aloshban

Posts: 85

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 3:50 pm

Contact: Contact yasir Aloshban

Re: Leadership, Reflexivity and Giddens

 Thu Apr 16, 2020 4:05 pm

Is leadership a skill?

Leadership skills are skills you use when organizing other people to reach a shared goal. Whether you're in a management position or leading a project, leadership skills require you to motivate others to complete a series of tasks, often according to a schedule.

yasir Aloshban

Posts: 85

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 3:50 pm

Contact: Contact yasir Aloshban

Re: Leadership, Reflexivity and Giddens

Thu Apr 16, 2020 4:06 pm

What makes a good team?

Good teams don't happen by accident: strong leadership, adaptability, a diverse make, effective communication and skilled conflict management are usually involved in creating successful teams.

yasir Aloshban

Posts: 85

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 3:50 pm

Contact: Contact yasir Aloshban

Re: Leadership, Reflexivity and Giddens

Thu Apr 16, 2020 4:07 pm

How do you make a leader?

Let them know they're a leader. The first step is to let them know that whatever their title or their position, their actions affect someone else and that puts them in a position to lead.

Treat them like a leader.

Challenge them.

Make them responsible.

Help them communicate like a leader.

Have them act like a leader.

yasir Aloshban

Posts: 85

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 3:50 pm

Contact: Contact yasir Aloshban

Re: Leadership, Reflexivity and Giddens

 Thu Apr 16, 2020 4:08 pm

What is the most important skill of a leader?

Leadership Skills You Need

Being Self-Aware. Being self-aware is the most important skill to build, and it's the one that I'd recommend building first.

Trustworthiness.

Empathy.

How To Delegate.

Giving Feedback.

Receiving Feedback.

Communication Skills.

Consistency.

yasir Aloshban

Posts: 85

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 3:50 pm

Contact: Contact yasir Aloshban

Re: Leadership, Reflexivity and Giddens

Thu Apr 16, 2020 4:08 pm

Why is it important to be a leader?

Importance of Leadership. Leadership is an important function of management which helps to maximize efficiency and to achieve organizational goals. Initiates action- Leader is a person who starts the work by communicating the policies and plans to the subordinates from where the work actually starts.

yasir Aloshban

Posts: 85

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 3:50 pm

Contact: Contact yasir Aloshban

Re: Leadership, Reflexivity and Giddens

Thu Apr 16, 2020 4:09 pm

What exactly is a leader?

A simple definition is that leadership is the art of motivating a group of people to act toward achieving a common goal. In a business setting, this can mean directing workers and colleagues with a strategy to meet the company's needs. Put even more simply, the leader is the inspiration for and director of the action.

yasir Aloshban

Posts: 85

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 3:50 pm

Contact: Contact yasir Aloshban

Re: Leadership, Reflexivity and Giddens

Thu Apr 16, 2020 4:09 pm

What is leadership behavior?

Definition. Positive leadership behavior is a set of actions, taken by individuals in a position of power and influence, to motivate and cultivate others through mechanisms of empowerment, engagement, and collaborative assignment to meaningful work.

yasir Aloshban

Posts: 85

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 3:50 pm

Contact: Contact yasir Aloshban

Re: Leadership, Reflexivity and Giddens

Thu Apr 23, 2020 2:57 pm

What is the theory of reflexivity?

Reflexivity in economics is the theory that a feedback loop exists in which investors' perceptions affect economic fundamentals, which in turn changes investor perception. The theory of reflexivity has its roots in sociology, but in the world of economics and finance, its primary proponent is George Soros.

yasir Aloshban

Posts: 85

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 3:50 pm

Contact: Contact yasir Aloshban

Re: Leadership, Reflexivity and Giddens

 Thu Apr 23, 2020 2:58 pm

What is meant by self reflexivity?

adjective. The definition of self reflexive is someone making reference to their own artificiality. An example of a self reflexive critique is a politician who goes back over her life and reflects on where she may not have been totally honest in what she said or did.

yasir Aloshban

Posts: 85

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 3:50 pm

Contact: Contact yasir Aloshban

Re: Leadership, Reflexivity and Giddens

 Thu Apr 23, 2020 3:00 pm

Why is reflexivity important?

Reflexivity is really important in qualitative research because there are so many ways in which researcher bias could affect the study, from the creation of data gathering tools, to collecting the data, analyzing it and reporting it. Understanding these effects can be an important part of the research process.

yasir Aloshban

Posts: 85

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 3:50 pm

Contact: Contact yasir Aloshban

Re: Leadership, Reflexivity and Giddens

Thu Apr 23, 2020 3:00 pm

What does reflexivity mean in research?

Reflexivity is an attitude of attending systematically to the context of knowledge construction, especially to the effect of the researcher, at every step of the research process.

yasir Aloshban

Posts: 85

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 3:50 pm

Contact: Contact yasir Aloshban

Re: Leadership, Reflexivity and Giddens

Thu Apr 23, 2020 3:01 pm

What is the meaning of reflexivity?

Within sociology more broadly—the field of origin—reflexivity means an act of self-reference where examination or action "bends back on", refers to, and affects the entity instigating the action or examination.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/27/2020 17:27:29
Subject: free from shackles (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Some general tips, hints, suggestions that I have gathered over the years regarding 10+1 and, deconstruct and infuse...

Your site of operation is Form and Content. That is, Structure and Felt-Experience.

You want to set up a dialog between the two, and you want to be transparent and authentic about it.

You set up this dialog by your Return Visit to the Site of action.

Your purpose and your journey is to get to the essence (the core words) of things.

Like in Strictly Ballroom, the Grandma said, “listen to the rhythm.” She gave Scott the word: rhythm.

And Scott listened. Listening is a key skill in this day and age. 

Please see Yasir Aloshban’s postings on leadership, reflexivity and Giddens.

Whenever you are re-structuring or deconstructing, substitute the original words. By changing the words, you are forging ideas ahead. You are setting yourself and your audience free from the shackles of previous given words. This is where creativity is key. Yours is a structuring, structured text. You are a constructing, constructed individual. Show this progression. It is your act. Your time to be in the lime-light and shine. No one can tell you otherwise, because you created it. Right out of your imagination. Its worth is in the fact that form and content fits. 

You are a reflexive leader and you move your audience by touching them.

Sanjiv

SHACKLES

from the fishbowl...

yasir Aloshban

Posts: 85

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 3:50 pm

Contact: Contact yasir Aloshban

Re: Leadership, Reflexivity and Giddens

 Thu Apr 16, 2020 4:05 pm

Is leadership a skill?

Leadership skills are skills you use when organizing other people to reach a shared goal. Whether you're in a management position or leading a project, leadership skills require you to motivate others to complete a series of tasks, often according to a schedule.

yasir Aloshban

Posts: 85

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 3:50 pm

Contact: Contact yasir Aloshban

Re: Leadership, Reflexivity and Giddens

Thu Apr 16, 2020 4:06 pm

What makes a good team?

Good teams don't happen by accident: strong leadership, adaptability, a diverse make, effective communication and skilled conflict management are usually involved in creating successful teams.

yasir Aloshban

Posts: 85

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 3:50 pm

Contact: Contact yasir Aloshban

Re: Leadership, Reflexivity and Giddens

Thu Apr 16, 2020 4:07 pm

How do you make a leader?

Let them know they're a leader. The first step is to let them know that whatever their title or their position, their actions affect someone else and that puts them in a position to lead.

Treat them like a leader.

Challenge them.

Make them responsible.

Help them communicate like a leader.

Have them act like a leader.

yasir Aloshban

Posts: 85

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 3:50 pm

Contact: Contact yasir Aloshban

Re: Leadership, Reflexivity and Giddens

 Thu Apr 16, 2020 4:08 pm

What is the most important skill of a leader?

Leadership Skills You Need

Being Self-Aware. Being self-aware is the most important skill to build, and it's the one that I'd recommend building first.

Trustworthiness.

Empathy.

How To Delegate.

Giving Feedback.

Receiving Feedback.

Communication Skills.

Consistency.

yasir Aloshban

Posts: 85

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 3:50 pm

Contact: Contact yasir Aloshban

Re: Leadership, Reflexivity and Giddens

Thu Apr 16, 2020 4:08 pm

Why is it important to be a leader?

Importance of Leadership. Leadership is an important function of management which helps to maximize efficiency and to achieve organizational goals. Initiates action- Leader is a person who starts the work by communicating the policies and plans to the subordinates from where the work actually starts.

yasir Aloshban

Posts: 85

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 3:50 pm

Contact: Contact yasir Aloshban

Re: Leadership, Reflexivity and Giddens

Thu Apr 16, 2020 4:09 pm

What exactly is a leader?

A simple definition is that leadership is the art of motivating a group of people to act toward achieving a common goal. In a business setting, this can mean directing workers and colleagues with a strategy to meet the company's needs. Put even more simply, the leader is the inspiration for and director of the action.

yasir Aloshban

Posts: 85

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 3:50 pm

Contact: Contact yasir Aloshban

Re: Leadership, Reflexivity and Giddens

Thu Apr 16, 2020 4:09 pm

What is leadership behavior?

Definition. Positive leadership behavior is a set of actions, taken by individuals in a position of power and influence, to motivate and cultivate others through mechanisms of empowerment, engagement, and collaborative assignment to meaningful work.

yasir Aloshban

Posts: 85

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 3:50 pm

Contact: Contact yasir Aloshban

Re: Leadership, Reflexivity and Giddens

Thu Apr 23, 2020 2:57 pm

What is the theory of reflexivity?

Reflexivity in economics is the theory that a feedback loop exists in which investors' perceptions affect economic fundamentals, which in turn changes investor perception. The theory of reflexivity has its roots in sociology, but in the world of economics and finance, its primary proponent is George Soros.

yasir Aloshban

Posts: 85

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 3:50 pm

Contact: Contact yasir Aloshban

Re: Leadership, Reflexivity and Giddens

 Thu Apr 23, 2020 2:58 pm

What is meant by self reflexivity?

adjective. The definition of self reflexive is someone making reference to their own artificiality. An example of a self reflexive critique is a politician who goes back over her life and reflects on where she may not have been totally honest in what she said or did.

yasir Aloshban

Posts: 85

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 3:50 pm

Contact: Contact yasir Aloshban

Re: Leadership, Reflexivity and Giddens

 Thu Apr 23, 2020 3:00 pm

Why is reflexivity important?

Reflexivity is really important in qualitative research because there are so many ways in which researcher bias could affect the study, from the creation of data gathering tools, to collecting the data, analyzing it and reporting it. Understanding these effects can be an important part of the research process.

yasir Aloshban

Posts: 85

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 3:50 pm

Contact: Contact yasir Aloshban

Re: Leadership, Reflexivity and Giddens

Thu Apr 23, 2020 3:00 pm

What does reflexivity mean in research?

Reflexivity is an attitude of attending systematically to the context of knowledge construction, especially to the effect of the researcher, at every step of the research process.

yasir Aloshban

Posts: 85

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 3:50 pm

Contact: Contact yasir Aloshban

Re: Leadership, Reflexivity and Giddens

Thu Apr 23, 2020 3:01 pm

What is the meaning of reflexivity?

Within sociology more broadly—the field of origin—reflexivity means an act of self-reference where examination or action "bends back on", refers to, and affects the entity instigating the action or examination.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/27/2020 16:02:29
Subject: Re: I Have a Question?
------------------------------------------------------------
You post your finals, in your fishbowls. 

The topic subject should spell it out. If I have to go searching, and you haven't given any guidelines, then I will be sorry to have missed something. Everything is to be posted online in your fishbowl.

Interactions and mentioning/citing each other are both definitely a plus. I want to see the interaction of your group. It may not exist, for no faulty of yours, in which case, you will not be penalized. You will still get an A if you are in that category. You are being graded on the merits of your individual work. For employment purposes, however, the ability to interact is key. So if you have generated and created it, then make sure to keep a record of it to show prospecting employers.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/27/2020 15:34:04
Subject: contemporaneously (448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I hope you are doing well. Focusing has been the hard part. Or else, you would have received double the letters under our circumstances. So just as well!

I’m really a socialist at heart. Even Ayn Rand (please google) with her erotically charged novels couldn’t convince me of the tenets of individualism and profit when I was your age. I believe the virus as a metaphor has brought the West closer to considering a new economic system; a new system for measuring use-value and exchange-value in a digitized world.

Talking about finishing-up 448, and what you are being asked to do...

(1) Many years ago, Bartlett and Ghoshal did a research study out of Harvard on the successful characteristics of global businesses. Their statistical analysis showed the following four characteristics: Integrated, networking structures; Dynamic decision-making; Adaptive coordination mechanisms; Unique innovation capabilities. Their central argument was that if companies are to cope with the complex international environment, they must have an equally complex and multi-faceted business strategy. Firms operating worldwide must pursue global, multinational and international strategies simultaneously. They must become what the authors call a transnational corporation.

Your process of deconstruct and infuse was developed in the fishbowl, keeping these four characteristics in mind. 

When you deconstruct and infuse each characteristic, you contemporaneously experience it in the fishbowl. Please make a note of this. Your posting takes on the characteristic of a performance. The saying of it is the doing of it.

Keep it short. First re-structure; pithy and simple and you are relating 3 elements at most. After that carefully do a felt-experience and you may take the example from anywhere within 448.

Keep it short and sweet is the key. KISS PRINCIPLE. Don’t worry about getting it right, because then you are doing it for me. You are taking ownership of your text and sharing it with the universe. And for doing that, your audience will applaud you. Besides, you are making history as possibility. Please see Matthew Boelter’s posting below.

(2) I’ll talk about Hofstede’s four dimensions in subsequent letters.

Sanjiv

CONTEMPORANEOUS

from the fishbowl...

matthewboelter

Posts: 110

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 1:14 pm

Contact: Contact matthewboelter

shifts in cultural norms

Mon Apr 27, 2020 2:10 am

"It has become a cultural norm to address each other with the words."

Cultural norms are the standards we live by and are the collective expectations and guidelines that lead our behavior with people among social groups. Cultural norms are learned at a very young age and stay with us our whole life unless we break off and start our new cultural norms. Our “new norms” is communicating through the fishbowl. We are like pioneers inventing new ways for our perceived lazy generation to evolve and grow with one another. Even though we are not directly communicating with each other, we are observing every day by looking deeply into each other’s words and analyzing the meaning. As Sanjiv once said, going into the fishbowl is a “test of consistency and perseverance” and that is seen by many in this class. Using our words to create meaning will help us all immensely in the future when it comes to communication. I feel like many of us did not sit down and take the time to think deeply about conversations or written words before this class, so this experience has made most of us grow as human beings.

`

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/26/2020 16:02:56
Subject: feedback on worth: enhancing exchange value (443)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I hope no one is stressing. You do as much as you can and what you understand. 

Absorb my emails at a whole different level. 

You don’t have to prove anything, because if you don’t post a response, it doesn’t mean you don’t “get it”. 

You can be posting to check the veracity of your understanding. Is this really so? 

You could be posting because you are immersed in text and you love it.

As far as the Final Design goes, you are free to go alone as well. 

IF YOU HAVE DIFFICULTY WITH 10+1 STEPS, YOU CAN GO IT ALONE

It is a word-game. The general principles apply through out.

HERE, I’LL MAKE IT SIMPLER IF YOU DON’T WISH TO DO 10+1 AND WOULD GO ALONE.

Select 15 words from your fishbowl, and put them in 5 boxes. Three words in each box. Keep two inside and one as the label.

Make a sentence from the 2+1 words. Keep it simple. Focus on the dichotomy in the box.

So you’re working on 5 sentences in all. In each sentence, you selected the words, and you kept substituting them along the way to make sense in a simple way.

Simplicity means you restrict the key elements in a structure to 2+1. Take Trust+Change inside the box, and Growth as the label. Make a sentence by taking these words further.

You are working to create a pithy statement. An axiom, an aphorism an adage.

Please see Colicci’s work below. It is excellent in every way and deserves an A.

Now, we want to enhance its worth further.

This takes The Return. The Turnaround. The Revisit.

The Return is To Simplify and Make Amends to your re-structures, after the felt-experience has been written.

Always have form and content interacting with each other in continuation forever...

For instance, simplify your first draft of your restructure to: “Our Interpretations Provide Perspective on the Things we Do.” (Colicci, Spr20Fishbowl)

You enhanced your exchange value. After the first turnaround, you are generally good at it subsequently.

Finally, your Design’s worth will be visible if it can be applied to a “real” situation, i.e., to another digital text.

I told you it is a game, and this is a wonderful time in our lives, digitally speaking.

You are the most wonderful bunch of students I have ever encountered and you bring value to my life.

Please see Nick Colicci’s postings on his projects.

Sanjiv

PITHY, AXIOM, APHORISM, ADAGE

from the fishbowl...

nickcolicci

Posts: 535

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Project 1- Nick

Fri Apr 24, 2020 3:57 pm

Step 1-Structure:

"Images, assumptions, frames of reference can act as different lenses, allowing us to see what we otherwise cannot see."

Step 2- World Pool:

Images- appearance, form, portrait, icon, figure, copy, drawing

Assumptions- Belief, expectation, premise, conclusion, supposition, theory, hunch

Frames- Body, frame, structure, physique, scaffolding, fabric, framework

Reference- Allusion, hint, innuendo, mention, note, association

Different- contrasting, disparate, distinct, particular, peculiar, various

Lenses- angle, aspect, attitude, direction, outlook, posture, stance, standpoint

Allow- approve, oblige, support, release, tolerate, permissible, permit

See- determine, discover, experience, feature, feel, observe perceive, realize

Otherwise- differently, in another way, variously

Cannot- unable, restricted, limited, barrier

Step 3- Restructure:

The way we interpret appearances, make inferences, and evaluate the events we encounter on a daily basis permits us to see life from a different viewpoint; a new perspective enables us to pursue life with vigor and confidence, learning from the past but capitalizing on the present opportunities.

Step 4- Felt Experience:

In my first semester of college at the University of Florida, I was on a FaceTime call with a close friend of mine who was at the time a junior at George Washington University (he has gone on to attend Vanderbilt Law School). I remember calling him because I was unhappy at my school and convinced I needed to transfer back closer to home. I went on a rant describing how it looked as if every one of my friends was having a great time at school based on their social media images and posts. He let me talk for a long period of time and finally interrupted me by saying two words: the lens. He meant that no matter how people may project themselves, there is always more to the story and it is important to keep that in mind. This made me think about how there is a lens to everything in life, not just the way people portray themselves on social media. I began to consider this in my study of history and politics, evaluating national figures and landmark events from a variety of different perspectives, namely those groups involved or impacted. It has shaped my behavior and thought processes; I have become more empathetic and concerned with the overall well-being of people. Just because an event or action is positive for me, that does not mean others view it the same way. It all depends on the lens in which we view it and how our lives are affected. I am fortunate this conversation took place in the early stages of my college experience. I often wonder how college would have worked out if I remained blocked off from the world and locked into my own bubble. I am pursuing a law degree and a career in government for this exact reason: I want the responsibility of looking through a variety of lenses and coming up with a solution that is sensible, practical, and positive to the greatest amount of people. I value the different perspectives that the lens yields, and I look forward to evaluating more perspectives as I move forward in my college career and my life.

Step 5- Perceptual Categories

Determination, Optimism

Empathetic, Perspective

Step 6- Dichotomy

Optimism

Empathetic

Step 7- Word Pool (Alone)

Optimism- Confidence, certainty, enthusiasm, expectation, idealism, trust, elation, anticipation

Empathetic- Compassionate, sympathetic, sensitive, affinity, appreciation, insight, commiserate

Step 8- Structure (Together)

Our negotiations and interactions require trust, compassion, and appreciation, as we are obligated to consider the experiences that guide the actions and the motivations of those that we cross paths with.

Step 9- Felt Experience (Alone)

When I was 17, I played for a summer baseball team called the Newport Jr. Gulls. This team was a high school affiliate of the Newport Gulls that focused on player development and college recruiting. My coach was a retired Colonel in the United States Air Force and a stout believer in the importance of team chemistry. We began practicing in the fall of the prior year, leaving 7 months to practice before we played a single game. Our coach partnered up the members of our team and told us that each week we had to learn three new things about our partner and then share them out with the entire team. At the beginning of this process, I was reluctant because I did not see the value in doing this weekly over the course of a couple of months. However, each week my partner and I grew closer and we began to learn about each other’s childhoods, beliefs, and passions. The more I learned about my partner the better we were able to work together at practice. The same went for everything I learned about all of my teammates. We became very close, nearly inseparable. We had a very successful summer, as we won multiple tournaments and had a lot of fun in the process. Those games stand out when I look back on my high school baseball experience because I loved being around those guys and playing with them. What this experience taught me is that we often make judgments based on first impressions. Oftentimes, we do not shake these judgments because we do not take the time to truly learn about others. I believe that as we become responsible for structuring organizations and their design, we must keep this in mind and encourage all members of an organization to understand the motivations and desires of our peers.

Step 10- Perceptual Categories (Together)

Empower, Teaching

Community, Connection

Step 11- Insight (Alone)-

What role does opening our minds and considering various perspectives play in our lives? For one, it is a catalyst for progress and it ensures we are not unjustly ignoring others. Throughout the first project, Lauren and I examined a structure from Sanjiv and deconstructed it and infused our felt experiences. In doing so, we became more familiar with how our mindsets and approaches to life have evolved over time. By exploring new words to describe our feelings, we became more confident in our ability to translate abstract information in our minds into sentences that could be analyzed by others. This is an important component in the process of creating, deriving, and communicating meaning in a manner that adds value to our community or our organization. Most importantly, however, we have begun the process of altering our approach to perspectives to ensure we are effective in our future employment. The world is anything but consistent or predictable and we must expect that at some point we will need to rely on others or be open to change. This is especially pertinent in the time of the Coronavirus; being to analyze a situation and adapt to change will enhance our ability to be productive members of the community. When the world is back to a sense of normalcy, and I am able to physically interact with my peers, I am looking forward to seeing how my ability to walk a mile in someone else's shoes improves my ability to pursue a common goal with others. How we approach others, consider the situations we find ourselves in, and respond to unexpected circumstances will ultimately dictate our success not only in our careers but for our personal lives.

Top

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/26/2020 14:31:17
Subject: creating value for your Design (443)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

A. New Digital Products

You are creating new digital products (like your Designs in 443) and markets (that are digital platforms for exchange and use) in the digital space of your fishbowls. 

Digitization is radically changing the way we buy and experience products (like your Designs) and services (like your postings in the fishbowl).

The impacts of digitization are enabling fresh approaches to the design and delivery of almost everything. Some impacts---in music and photography --- have been relatively easy to realize but they provide useful clues to future designs.

Basically speaking, the old boundaries between a product and the way it is put to use are shifting --- and with those shifts come new insights into what we, the viewers/customers, may regard as valuable. To make sense of digitally-enabled dimensions of your Design, we must first step back and consider what is meant by ‘value’? And, what is the value of your Design in 443?

B. Use-Value and Exchange-Value

We generally consider value as something ‘good' arising from an object, whether created from the experience of it, or in the essence of it. 

In the fishbowl, we subscribe to the view that the essence of value can be created from production. Over time, the essence of what is good about an object becomes its ‘utility.’ An object is of value because it is embedded with ‘utilities’ that can be bought or exchanged. 

So one might ask, if something is of use, it should also be exchangeable for something else? 

Not really! While both use-value and exchange-value describe the ‘goodness' of something, use-value is the goodness from use/experience, while exchange-value is the goodness for exchange with something else, and that is its worth.

Let's consider BUS443 and the creation and construction of your Final Design. The utility or use-value of 443 and your Design is you get to graduate and you proceed to your next stage in life. But what is the worth of your design? How do you create worth in your design so that someone is willing to give money in exchange for it?

Please stay tuned.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/25/2020 14:16:27
Subject: shifts in cultural norms (448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

It has become a "cultural norm" to address each other with the words: I hope you are safe and well.

At this point in the semester, there is a lot that I would like to tell you, because it is with words that we have been constructing and creating new meaning. Those who forged ahead and held the thread of this activity, moved smoothly into a "new awareness." I wish to congratulate you. We know who you are by your “mental labor” in the fishbowl. You are visible, full of vitality and power. By your ability and performance in intellectual acrobats, you swept cobwebs away for many of us. 

Your fishbowls are social systems and words have been your tools. Your forms and structures and stories present what is strange and new. You nourish your viewers by offering food for thought. Your flashes of insight about things like communication and love are well grounded investigations of digital literacy. You are admired and deserve a wider audience. I invite you to revisit your Abstract at EDULEARN20 and to step into the avatar you purport to be until May 4, 6pm.

Please see Tiana Martinez’s reflections below as an example.

Sanjiv

NEW, NORM, AWARENESS, PERFORMANCE, INTELLECTUAL, ACROBAT, PURPORT, AVATAR

from the fishbowl...

TianaMartinez

Posts: 257

Joined: Fri Jan 24, 2020 2:07 pm

Contact: Contact TianaMartinez

Re: Letter Interpretations

Sat Apr 25, 2020 2:40 am

MIND AND MINDSET

The sentence that resonated with me in this letter is where Sanjiv wrote, "The present crisis is a reminder the world is not just what we perceive on the outside; it really lies in the unconscious, deep within oneself." This is something that the fishbowl alone has been teaching us since the very beginning. It has been teaching that the most important aspect in any form of writing or personal experiences comes from, not the identifiable meaning, but the one that sits below the surface of what is initially determined. When we first read something, we automatically think of words, phrases, and a certain meaning that goes along with it, but the most important part of it is what we do not initially think of upon reading it. The most important part is what lies beyond what our eyes are reading.

I enjoyed where Dan says, "A friendship is a journey and experience there are pitfalls along the way but you need to do the navigated yourself." This sentence was one that made me immediately think of my friends. I have both a group of male friends and a group of female friends. I have been friends with all of my male friends since I was in high school, so about three, almost four years. My group of female friends however I made this year when I lived on campus. There is no straight path in a friendship just as there are no right ways to maintain one. Friendships are unpredictable, there are some people who are meant to be your friends, but there are also some people who are not.

TianaMartinez

Posts: 257

Joined: Fri Jan 24, 2020 2:07 pm

Contact: Contact TianaMartinez

Re: Letter Interpretations

Sat Apr 25, 2020 3:27 am

SINCERITY IS THE KEY

"Whenever you deconstruct and infuse, you are creating a knowing, a story, an image, an interpretation, a happening, a memory."

When we are faced with words and phrases that we do not know, the best thing to do for ourselves is to partake in deconstructing and infusing. When we deconstruct and infuse unfamiliar words, we are learning them in ways that we are making them familiar to us. We are connecting foreign words with those that we are familiar with in order to find an understanding of what those words mean. We do this in things in our everyday lives as well. When we are faced with problems that we are unsure how to solve, we use techniques that we do know in order to overcome them. Doing this helps expand our knowledge in the way that we are using what we already know in order to understand other things that we do not. Me personally, I do this all the time. One example of this is when I first learned how to shoot a gun. I have always been used to playing video games and my knowledge of guns in the game gave me the knowledge I needed to use in order to reload one.

I immediately was able to understand Elilis when he wrote, "I will always remember that moment, as I sat there confused and feeling out of place." This is a common feeling for people who enter foreign places. This was the way that I felt when I went to my room and first logged into the fishbowl. When I first started trying to figure out how it worked, I was completely lost and just sat at my desk looking at my laptop confused. However, I wanted to understand how to use it so badly that I took the time and put in the effort I needed in order to be able to figure it out, and now I enjoy it.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/25/2020 0:10:28
Subject: sincerity is the key (448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

“What do you mean by that, she asked again?" 

Today, leaders and managers can no longer remain hiding behind words, but must step in front. They no longer can remain hidden behind the narrative (because we already know the script), but instead they must reveal themselves in all their "cultural nakedness.” 

Please see Elilis’ skill in culturally revealing himself in his posting. He is clearly a leader. He first deconstructs and then infuses (line 5) a felt-experience. He presents himself in his "cultural nakedness" to the Other and brings the contract home.

Whenever you deconstruct and infuse, you are creating a knowing, a story, an image, an interpretation, a happening, a memory. You create an intersubjective space among the different cultures present, and thereby create a culture of your own. You’ve done it many times before.

It’s a process and a practice...stopping in your tracks and asking, what did you mean by that?

Such intensive questioning of the ways in which the Other (like your girlfriend or boyfriend) constructs their text can be a double-edge sword. 

Sincerity is the key.

Sanjiv

SINCERITY

from the fishbowl...

Elilis

Posts: 157

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 1:22 pm

Contact: Contact Elilis

Re: Interpreting Letters

Fri Apr 24, 2020 3:41 pm

Letter Title: Outsourced (448)

"What do you mean by that?"

This simple question serves as a bridge between cultures and opens the door for "the connection of minds". By asking this question, you are able to operate more effectively and you gain a better understanding, or even a mutual understanding, of what it is that is expected. It opens the door for discourse and understanding for both parties and displays a desire for clarity. Without a full understanding of what is meant, you cannot possibly perform to your full potential. I remember asking this question in my first class in high school, after being homeschooled all my life. The teacher asked us to outline a chapter for homework and gave us time to start it in class. At the time, I had no idea what she meant by "outline the chapter" and I felt silly for not knowing as all the students around me seemed to understand. I explained to the teacher that I had never done an outline before and asked the question "what did she mean by that?". We spent the remainder of class working on the outline together and after that, I never had an issue with them again. I will always remember that moment, as I sat there confused and feeling out of place, but my willingness to ask that simple question paid dividends. The culture of high school was essentially a foreign culture for me and the only way I was able to navigate it was through asking questions and making a genuine effort to understand. Its okay to not know what is meant by something, as long as you recognize the lack of clarity and make an effort to understand. That simple question could be the difference between you racking your brain for an hour trying to figure something out, and you tackling that same something within 20 minutes.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/24/2020 18:15:36
Subject: mind and mindset (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

There has been a radical mutation in human consciousness as a whole. The present crisis is a reminder the world is not just what we perceive on the outside; it really lies in the unconscious, deep within oneself. It is what we project onto something unknown and unknowable. 

It is what you have been doing through your postings in your fishbowls. 

What was required of you was not more knowledge or more collective action, but a totally new mind. Your new mindset is needed to deal not only with universal concepts but also with the immediate problems of existence. We can see the urgency of having such a mind now and not wait for time to bring it about. The new mind is not merely logical or intellectual; rather, it is a mind that is completely free of all its old patterns and has, therefore, the quality of stillness, love and compassion. The world needs compassion, not schemes. 

Your fishbowls are replete with compassion which is the very nature of the new mindset. Please see Dan Meyen’s reflection below.

Sanjiv

MIND, MINDSET

from the fishbowl...

Danmeyen

Posts: 104

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:12 am

Contact: Contact Danmeyen

Re: Letters

Thu Apr 23, 2020 4:40 pm

"Friendship knows no map, except the one you create in the moment."

Maps are used to navigate from one point to another. They guide us they show us the path. A map is a valuable piece of information, without one you can become lost. In a friendship you can easily become lost but there is no map or answers to get you out. A friendship is a journey and experience there are pitfalls along the way but you need to do the navigated yourself. Maps as valuable as they are have been replaced and no longer carry value. This is very interesting to me and shows how culture and the world evolve and grow. My dad had to look and study a map to know where he was going and you had to learn by making mistakes. Today we use a gps takes seconds and directs us the whole way start to finish and even corrects us. Culture is always changing and there is no map for culture either.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/24/2020 18:14:40
Subject: mind and mindset (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

There has been a radical mutation in human consciousness as a whole. The present crisis is a reminder the world is not just what we perceive on the outside; it really lies in the unconscious, deep within oneself. It is what we project onto something unknown and unknowable. 

It is what you have been doing through your postings in your fishbowls. 

What was required of you was not more knowledge or more collective action, but a totally new mind. Your new mindset is needed to deal not only with universal concepts but also with the immediate problems of existence. We can see the urgency of having such a mind now and not wait for time to bring it about. The new mind is not merely logical or intellectual; rather, it is a mind that is completely free of all its old patterns and has, therefore, the quality of stillness, love and compassion. The world needs compassion, not schemes. 

Your fishbowls are replete with compassion which is the very nature of the new mindset. Please see Dan Meyen’s reflection below.

Sanjiv

MIND, MINDSET

from the fishbowl...

Danmeyen

Posts: 104

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:12 am

Contact: Contact Danmeyen

Re: Letters

Thu Apr 23, 2020 4:40 pm

"Friendship knows no map, except the one you create in the moment."

Maps are used to navigate from one point to another. They guide us they show us the path. A map is a valuable piece of information, without one you can become lost. In a friendship you can easily become lost but there is no map or answers to get you out. A friendship is a journey and experience there are pitfalls along the way but you need to do the navigated yourself. Maps as valuable as they are have been replaced and no longer carry value. This is very interesting to me and shows how culture and the world evolve and grow. My dad had to look and study a map to know where he was going and you had to learn by making mistakes. Today we use a gps takes seconds and directs us the whole way start to finish and even corrects us. Culture is always changing and there is no map for culture either.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/16/2020 15:56:33
Subject: steps: taking a risk (443)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Forever at cross-roads, we are “interfacing’ (please google) our train of thoughts. It is a different kind of interaction; not face-to-face but next to each other, and visible in a visual culture. Working together without needing to know anything else about each other. This is an important point as you graduate and enter the next phase of your careers.

In the digital world of your laptop or phone, the holy grail (metaphor) is your felt-experience paragraph. For today, we no longer can remain hidden behind the narrative but instead must reveal ourselves with all our cultural assumptions. I have always found a “confessional” style of narrative more appealing when evoking a felt-experience. Charlie Price does that in Kinky Boots, and brings the contract home, and so does John Jeffcoat, author of Outsourced. Wes Anderson, director of Moonrise Kingdom is of course brilliant as ever. I love that guy!

The bottom line: turn around to look and then ascend.

I’m talking business, and how to win the audience (customers), for the nature of business is different in the digital world. We are developing the ability to transfer data over a network, like your fishbowls, without requiring human-to-human or human-to-computer interaction. So what have you produced, developed, initiated, enhanced, projected, recovered, realized, evoked, and encouraged lately?

What are your steps in your fishbowls? What are you thinking about these days? What are you framing and how? What is important to you in your life? Everyone in this network is here to make your dreams come true; but you have to jump. There is no learning without taking a risk.

Please see Brooke Bolofsky’s postings below.

Sanjiv

RISK, STEPS

c: 448

from the fishbowl...

Brookebolofsky

Posts: 466

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 8:11 am

Contact: Contact Brookebolofsky

connectivity (443 & 448)- Responses- Interpreting Letters

 Wed Apr 15, 2020 2:51 pm

Our fishbowls are a place for us to connect with one another. How we feel, how we think and what we see. It is nice to share with one another these things. It allows us to learn from one another and interact with each other.

Brookebolofsky

Posts: 466

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 8:11 am

Contact: Contact Brookebolofsky

the rise of the digital (443 & 448)- Responses- Interpreting Letters

Wed Apr 15, 2020 3:53 pm

Our fishbowls are a digital culture. Made up of individuals and their thoughts and ideas. We all post our feelings and interpretations. It is a sharing space. A space to learn from one another and teach one another.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/16/2020 1:29:23
Subject: Re: I have a question
------------------------------------------------------------
If you are two people only, then you would have four words. Select two from these four and make a dichotomy.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/15/2020 20:36:34
Subject: Ruth Benedict's Cultural Relativism and Configuration
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

(Please keep in mind your work on the two films: Moonrise Kingdom and Outsourced.)

The fishbowl has become a homogenous society in which conformity to standardized rules of behavior is highly valued and practiced. Your fishbowls are the best possible illustration for Ruth Benedict’s concept of “cultural relativism” and “cultural configuration.” Please google her name and the concepts and see: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2R4phuBBB1w

After carrying on “silent dialogues,” your postings represent expertise on extracting symbolic meaning from the most varied aspects of experience. Please see Tiana Martinez' postings below.

For an outsider wanting to participate in your fishbowl culture, observation and relentless analysis (think of what Todd did in Outsourced) are simply the only ways to earn an admission ticket. The outsider would have to figure out your fishbowl’s culture from the inside, through description and interpretation of details rather than through the abstract comparison of general characteristics. You strengthen the belief that a culture can truly be studied and understood simply by observing and analyzing the behavior of its members.

Sanjiv

RELATIVISM, CONFIGURATION

from the fishbowl...

TianaMartinez

Posts: 236

Joined: Fri Jan 24, 2020 2:07 pm

Contact: Contact TianaMartinez

Re: Letter Interpretations

 Mon Apr 13, 2020 6:33 am

"We were making connections between reader and writer in a visual culture"

Connections- a relationship

Visual- relating to sight

Culture- a collective of customs and beliefs

Being included as an author in the Abstract makes me feel like I have done what needs to be done in order to succeed in this course. Being an author on the abstract means that you have a great idea of what is going on in the class and the reason that we are in the fishbowl to begin with. This is something that took me a few weeks to comprehend. In the beginning of the course, I did not completely understand what the fishbowl was intended to do, but as I work in it each and everyday that I can, I start to understand that it is about abstract expressionism, creating a culture amongst circumstances in which might be foreign, and the deconstruction of unknown words. This class is essential in enhancing our skills that are necessary for the outside world. As we enhance our skills and abilities in the fishbowl, we are enhancing the way we go about things in the real world. We are learning how to connect with others on the basis of enhancing our intellectual minds.

Last edited by TianaMartinez on Wed Apr 15, 2020 3:17 am, edited 2 times in total.

TianaMartinez

Posts: 236

Joined: Fri Jan 24, 2020 2:07 pm

Contact: Contact TianaMartinez

Re: Letter Interpretations

Mon Apr 13, 2020 7:12 am

LOST IN TRANSLATION

Amiel's sentence, "It's time to innovate and open our minds to new concepts and processes" stood out to me upon reading the included interpretation. In order to get far in life and allow ourselves to grow, we have to be open to anything. We have to be open to things that take us out of our comfort zones and to things that might be foreign to us. By being open to new concepts and processes, we are leaving space within us to gain new knowledge that is essential to our beings. Awareness is also an important factor in being able to allow new ideas to cross our intellectual minds. By being aware of our surroundings and those who inhabit the world around us, we are opening ourselves up to mental growth.

"Listen to the Woman" is another phrase that stood out to me from Sanjiv's letter. Me personally, I am glad that I am able to say that my mother is my best friend. Whenever I am experiencing something difficult or when I need to talk to someone, the first person that I go to is my mother. A mother should always be a child's best friend because at the end of the day, they should be able to know that their mother will always want what is best for them. This is something that I used to be unaware of but as I age, I realize it more and more everyday. My mother has become my world and where I find comfort when things go wrong. I do not know how, but somehow she always knows the right thing to say. This is why I know that if I do not feel like my group members are helping my growth in this class, my mother can. Although she is not taking the class, a mother always knows how to adapt to any situation that involves helping their child.

TianaMartinez

Posts: 236

Joined: Fri Jan 24, 2020 2:07 pm

Contact: Contact TianaMartinez

Re: Letter Interpretations

Tue Apr 14, 2020 12:52 am

BRINGING IT TOGETHER

"It helps to look at culture as a system of communication."

Culture is all about connecting and communicating with others around us. In the fishbowl, it is possible to create a culture amongst one another because we are using the form of communication through writings. Each and every time I read what my group members and classmates have posted, I push myself to compare it to what I immediately thought of upon reading the letters. This is how I am able to understand them as a person because once I understand their thinking process, I am able to understand them. This is why writing about our personal experiences is so important. By writing personal experiences, we are able to connect with others on a deeper level than just our interpretations. Abstract expressionism in the fishbowl is a good way to get a sense of how people are on the interior. It is so easy for people to fake how they are, but it is more difficult to fake how you are in the way that you write.

"You’re Interpreting the other’s behaviors and mental structures by interpreting structures of words; systems of communication."

In the fishbowl, we are interpreting and comparing each others structures of words as a form of communication. In doing so, not only are we developing a relationship with other individuals, but we are pushing ourselves to further our mind skills. In comparing the way others write to the way that we write, we are allowing ourselves to be able to step into their shoes and process our minds in the way that they process their thinking. In thinking about how they express themselves, we are ensuring that we are all participating in creating a system of communication.

TianaMartinez

Posts: 236

Joined: Fri Jan 24, 2020 2:07 pm

Contact: Contact TianaMartinez

Re: Letter Interpretations

Tue Apr 14, 2020 1:45 am

INTERNET OF THINGS

"Focusing on words is always the key."

Words are really the basis of what we are doing in this class. Without our use of words and the way we structure them, we would not be getting anywhere. Words are the basis of the world, whether in the way we communicate with others or what we have flowing throughout our minds. There are words in every single thing that we could think of. Even that little voice in our heads while we are reading this post is composed of WORDS. This is how we are able to get as far in our intellect as we are. By focusing on words, they way they are written, their meanings, there connotations, etc, we are focusing our brains on the composition of the world. I love the art in words. We are capable of playing around with them in a way that expresses ourselves and no matter what order we put them in, even if it does not make sense, it is considered art. One thing that may be viewed as art for one may be viewed as nonsense for another, nonetheless it is still art of words. Nick Colicci has shows a great understanding of words since the beginning of the semester and he continues to show it in all of his postings. His posts show just how much one letter can create a larger pool of words.

TianaMartinez

Posts: 236

Joined: Fri Jan 24, 2020 2:07 pm

Contact: Contact TianaMartinez

Re: Letter Interpretations

Wed Apr 15, 2020 2:54 am

YOUR FISHBOWL IS A MOVIE SCRIPT

"Your fishbowl is a movie script and you're acting in it and producing and directing it."

Sanjiv's sentence is extremely rich in the way that it describes exactly what the fishbowl is for us. As each of us partake in writing our expressions down in the fishbowl, we are working together to write a movie script written in cultural richness. As we work together in our groups and form connections with others in the class, we are actors who are rehearsing our lines with one another. In this way, we are helping one another grow and push ourselves to become more skillful and intellectual. As we each write our posts, we are directing and writing what it is that we want our movie to portray, and as we are reading others posts and understanding their interpretations, we are starring in the movie. Just as movies are rich with words that are spoke, the fishbowl is rich in the way that we are writing.

This class has affected not only the way that I read and interpret my writings, but the way that I see everything. Everything that we are viewing in the world goes deep beyond the human eye. With every action there is an interpretation to be understood, there are words to be interpreted, and there are minds to connect to. For example, My friends and I have been watching the show Reign on Netflix. I have previously watched this entire show before but I am rewatching it with my friends. Before this course I would watch it just as average people do without interpreting what is ACTUALLY happening in the show, but after practicing what we do in the fishbowl and knowing how to think beyond physical appearances and actions, I interpret their actions, cultures, and words differently. This makes the show even more culturally rich than it was before. It is a show that is rich in the amount of culture that is present but after taking this course I realize that there is so much more to the show than I initially knew about.

TianaMartinez

Posts: 236

Joined: Fri Jan 24, 2020 2:07 pm

Contact: Contact TianaMartinez

Re: Letter Interpretations

 Wed Apr 15, 2020 3:15 am

COSMIC CHANGES

When Kevin wrote "For the past 2 weeks, I feel like I have done nothing with my life. I have accomplished basically nothing and I have felt useless," I immediately connected to him in the way that I have been feeling the same. Ever since the coronavirus outbreak lead to us having to stay inside all of the time, I have been doing nothing with my life. All I have been doing is working on the fishbowl, trying to finish the work I have to do for class, watching Netflix, and sleeping. I have been sleeping a lot to the point in which my days feel extremely unproductive. I grew accustomed to sleeping everyday at 8 in the morning and not waking up until about 5:30 or 6 in the afternoon. This is something that has affected me the most because I feel as though I waste everyday sleeping. I used to go to sleep at 2 or 3 the latest and wake up at 12, and that I felt was perfect to me because I got a fair amount of sleep but also woke up not too late in the afternoon. Even when I try to go to sleep earlier, it is like my body cannot get tired at 2 the same way that I used to. When Kevin also writes, "I will be starting a new routine to try to make my life in isolation more productive," this is something that I have also told myself. I have been trying to get used to working out everyday to make my day feel somewhat productive, but I have felt myself lacking in this. Even when I try to push myself to do it, it is like I have no motivation. It bores me working out in my room, I always preferred going to an actual gym.

Sanjiv's metaphor of Kevin being a knight in King Arthur's round table was enjoyable because in the fishbowl there is not one person that is above another. We are all working together to develop a culture and to aid one another in their growth, and this is what makes the fishbowl so important. Rather than having one person in charge and above all others, we are all at equilibrium.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/14/2020 15:23:54
Subject: cosmic changes (448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Every culture has a prototype of Kevin Bugbee, who represents every American university student. 

In the Sikh culture, Kevin Bugbee is a Khalsa, founded on April 13, 1699, 

and, in English culture he is a knight in King Arthur’s round table. Please google both.

These are layers of meanings springing from the same cosmic place.

In your postings, each of you represent the best of each of us.

Sanjiv

PROTOTYPE, COSMIC, CHANGE

from the fishbowl...

kevinbugbee

Posts: 172

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 10:13 am

Contact: Contact kevinbugbee

Cosmic Perspectives

 Mon Apr 13, 2020 4:33 pm

Andrew's posting on "Sharing Felt Experiences" really taught me that you can make the best out of a bad situation if you just change your perspective. He discussed out he had to celebrate his 21st birthday in isolation and did not get to experience the 21st birthday that everyone else has. Normally if this were to happen to someone, they would say life sucks and kick the dirt. Andrew however enjoyed his day with his family and made the best out of a crappy situation. In the same post, Andrew also discussed the importance of a routine, and this has stuck with me. For the past 2 weeks, I feel like I have done nothing with my life. I have accomplished basically nothing and I have felt useless. Tomorrow morning I will be starting a new routine to try to make my life in isolation more productive. This will consist of daily exercise, homework, reading, etc. I think if I am able to adapt into a new schedule, life will feel like it once did 1 month ago where I had a complete schedule for my whole week.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/14/2020 14:43:37
Subject: your fishbowl is a movie script (448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

The film Outsourced is a prototype for 'doing business' in the digital world.

It is the same for Kinky Boots and Japanese Story. 

How would you, and how could you do a business by taking this course?

Will return later.

In Outsourced, it was not just the physical appearance of the majority of the people surrounding Todd Anderson was so markedly different from what he was used to, it was also that they acted so strange! To begin with so many people were squatting down rather than sitting or standing didn’t make sense. Above all the feeling that people’s gestures, their facial expressions, the interpersonal distances they kept, and the overall noise level their interactions created were somehow “all wrong.”

Please wiki Outsourced and study the information on that page from doing a business point of view. It is the story of John Jeffcoat, who once was another face in the crowd, just like you. John Jeffcoat toured and gave a talk at URI several years ago about his experience in India.

Your fishbowl is a movie script and you're acting in it and producing and directing it. It is what Lola said: “this is my show."

If you parachute or find yourself in the situation of Todd Anderson, What do you do? Where do you start? What is the journey? How are you to get out and return home?

As the audience, the viewer, the interpreter of text, you are ‘seeing' Sam from Moonlight Kingdom, all grown up as Todd Anderson and showing up in Gharapuri, India. 

The world really loves this character, and so do I!

Todd Anderson has arrived, from America no less, to solve a problem regarding standards; the structure of numbers for order fulfillment. Which box are you in sort of thing. Will he achieve his objective? Can he bring the contract home?

Todd gradually trains himself (same as yourselves) in the fundamental anthropological skills of “attending, observing registering, and correlating.” 

You have to form allies like Asha and Purro. You do the same in your fishbowls.

Todd learns to “look" at everything symbolically. For example Kali, Goddess of Destruction (please google) incident shows how symbols are cultural and how they operate upon us. How people interpret inexplicable incidents in their daily lives. Things they believe in. Asha believed in everything she is talking about. You should be able to identify the symbols that operate upon you quite easily, and then compare and contrast them with those of Asha and Purro. That is what Todd is doing. This is everybody’s journey, not just his. It is the intersection of belief-structures.

Your 5 + 5 selected sentences are key to how you “look" at yourself, and at Todd in India, and at Asha and Purro.

Your structures and their interpretations will determine your success in achieving your objectives. Very often millions of lives are at stake, and certainly lots of money. Cultural skills are worth acknowledging and acquiring. The bottom line or the talisman is as simple as: proceed one word at a time. You can see Todd Anderson and Charlie Price and Hiromitsu and Sandy Edwards do that, and they change the outcome for the better. 

Sanjiv

LOOK, INTERPRET, BELIEF

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/14/2020 13:29:57
Subject: Re: I have a question
------------------------------------------------------------
When you finish your part of the projects and your group makes a collective model from the three individual one's, you are operating in the B+ to A- range. 

The final A is based upon the entire's semesters postings.

I hope this will motivate for the final lap.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/14/2020 0:01:37
Subject: fashioning surrogates (443)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

We are going to live increasingly in a world of the virtual and of the viral. You have been using their vocabulary in your fishbowls.

By the virtual world (next on viral) I mean the world of simulation. 

There is a whole new science happening, the science of simulation in your fishbowls. This new method is founded not on direct observation and experiment but on the mapping of the universe from the real space of your felt-experiences into cyberspace of your constructed abstractions.

You will be posting a list of these mappings on april 30 along with five boxes and five abstractions.

In your 10+1 steps, out of the bits and bytes of your memory, you are fashioning surrogates of the real world, that are elaborate 

"artificial worlds," that allow the viewer to think thoughts they could never have considered themselves.

Sanjiv

MAPPING, VIRTUAL, VIRAL, SIMULATION, MEMORY, SURROGATE, ARTIFICIAL

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/13/2020 14:06:45
Subject: internet of things (448, c: 443))
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Regarding the Final that you will be submitting for evaluation.

To evaluate anything, I have to look at process and practice. 

You have been learning to distinguish them from the very start in your fishbowls.

You have about 3-4 weeks left. That is, you may keep working until the scheduled date/time of your exam in May.

 Some pointers on process and practice:

1. You are to re-source the internet whenever you gather words-images, concepts and symbols. These are “internet-things.”

2. You are 

searching, 

sorting and 

selecting structures (sentences).

3. These are images, symbols and metaphors (words) and you will be evaluated upon your selections.

4. Thus far you have accomplished the “internet of things” and they constitute your platform. Focusing on words is always the key. Your “internet things" are the boundary of a discourse, a conversation that has its own selected vocabulary known only to the group. It is organic, natural and living. It can’t really be seen, yet it is right in front of you.

5. “Internet of things” are Representations of something else. Please pause and understand this. So you have a bunch of representations in your arsenal.

6. Wait a minute. Where is this all coming from? It starts with my crafted, constructed and created email. From the moment you read one, the process begins in your head. After that, it is the practice of catching your thought-images and expressing them in word-images.

7. Your felt-experiences are Interpretations of your Representational text above.

More explanations are to follow. At this stage you should have seen both the films in 448. I have lots to say, but you have to see the films first. 

Please see Nick Colicci’s posting below to see where this leads to...he certainlygot the hang of this, along with others. 

Sanjiv

INTERNET OF THINGS ( please google), REPRESENTATION, INTERPRETATION

c: 443

from the fishbowl...

nickcolicci

Posts: 461

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Experiential knowing

Sun Apr 12, 2020 8:58 pm

After reading Michael's post, I felt that I had an eerily similar experience. I grew up a die-hard Florida Gators fan. I was a big fan of Tim Tebow, college Aaron Hernandez, and the hype that surrounded the University of Florida. I knew from a young age that I wanted to attend UF and be a Gator myself. After all, my families were Gator fans and all of the apparel and memorabilia I owned had a Gator on it. Thus, as I began touring colleges, the only thing I had in my mind was "this school is not the University of Florida. Why do I need to tour these schools if I am going to UF?". My true feelings about the school I was touring were hidden in this bias; all I wanted to do was be a Gator. As I look back now, after transferring from UF, this mindset reminds me of having an open mind. We are limited in our ability to grow or see truth if we tell ourselves what we think we want to hear. I believe this can be applied to organizational structure as well. If we structure organizations the way we want, rather than what is best for our employees or the well-being of our company, the company will have a short lifespan.

It is a digital game of "augmented reality.” To further understand the idea of augmented reality, I conducted a quick Google search and found the following description: "When someone talks about AR, they are referring to technology that overlays information and virtual objects on real-world scenes in real-time. It uses the existing environment and adds information to it to make a new artificial environment." Using augmented reality, people can use technology to add to their physical environment. For example, a clip I watched about it had Star Wars characters interacting with real humans. In almost a symbolic but practical way, the Fishbowl is an example of augmented reality. We need to view the Fishbowl as more than just words but a virtual presence that is interacting with us as well. Once we take the contents of the Fishbowl and apply them to our lives, they become real. Simply reading and writing will add no value to our lives. We must take the extra step and ensure that what we learn becomes a part of who we are.

"What most excites me about augmented reality’s future is its role in the arts. It has heaps of potential in this way, to scale cultural experience and make it accessible to broader audiences at lower costs. Imagine, for instance, a live AR performance of Hamlet, that is simultaneously beamed into people’s living rooms across the world." -Catherine Allen. The potential for future AR is exciting and engaging. It may be life-changing and impactful as we dive deeper into the technological age. The confines of our learning will only be expanded. Maybe, AR will become common while I am in law school and I can use it to sharpen my skills as a practicing attorney.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/13/2020 14:05:38
Subject: internet of things (448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Regarding the Final that you will be submitting for evaluation.

To evaluate anything, I have to look at process and practice. 

You have been learning to distinguish them from the very start in your fishbowls.

You have about 3-4 weeks left. That is, you may keep working until the scheduled date/time of your exam in May.

 Some pointers on process and practice:

1. You are to re-source the internet whenever you gather words-images, concepts and symbols. These are “internet-things.”

2. You are 

searching, 

sorting and 

selecting structures (sentences).

3. These are images, symbols and metaphors (words) and you will be evaluated upon your selections.

4. Thus far you have accomplished the “internet of things” and they constitute your platform. Focusing on words is always the key. Your “internet things" are the boundary of a discourse, a conversation that has its own selected vocabulary known only to the group. It is organic, natural and living. It can’t really be seen, yet it is right in front of you.

5. “Internet of things” are Representations of something else. Please pause and understand this. So you have a bunch of representations in your arsenal.

6. Wait a minute. Where is this all coming from? It starts with my crafted, constructed and created email. From the moment you read one, the process begins in your head. After that, it is the practice of catching your thought-images and expressing them in word-images.

7. Your felt-experiences are Interpretations of your Representational text above.

More explanations are to follow. At this stage you should have seen both the films in 448. I have lots to say, but you have to see the films first. 

Please see Nick Colicci’s posting below to see where this leads to...he certainlygot the hang of this, along with others. 

Sanjiv

INTERNET OF THINGS ( please google), REPRESENTATION, INTERPRETATION

c: 443

from the fishbowl...

nickcolicci

Posts: 461

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Experiential knowing

Sun Apr 12, 2020 8:58 pm

After reading Michael's post, I felt that I had an eerily similar experience. I grew up a die-hard Florida Gators fan. I was a big fan of Tim Tebow, college Aaron Hernandez, and the hype that surrounded the University of Florida. I knew from a young age that I wanted to attend UF and be a Gator myself. After all, my families were Gator fans and all of the apparel and memorabilia I owned had a Gator on it. Thus, as I began touring colleges, the only thing I had in my mind was "this school is not the University of Florida. Why do I need to tour these schools if I am going to UF?". My true feelings about the school I was touring were hidden in this bias; all I wanted to do was be a Gator. As I look back now, after transferring from UF, this mindset reminds me of having an open mind. We are limited in our ability to grow or see truth if we tell ourselves what we think we want to hear. I believe this can be applied to organizational structure as well. If we structure organizations the way we want, rather than what is best for our employees or the well-being of our company, the company will have a short lifespan.

It is a digital game of "augmented reality.” To further understand the idea of augmented reality, I conducted a quick Google search and found the following description: "When someone talks about AR, they are referring to technology that overlays information and virtual objects on real-world scenes in real-time. It uses the existing environment and adds information to it to make a new artificial environment." Using augmented reality, people can use technology to add to their physical environment. For example, a clip I watched about it had Star Wars characters interacting with real humans. In almost a symbolic but practical way, the Fishbowl is an example of augmented reality. We need to view the Fishbowl as more than just words but a virtual presence that is interacting with us as well. Once we take the contents of the Fishbowl and apply them to our lives, they become real. Simply reading and writing will add no value to our lives. We must take the extra step and ensure that what we learn becomes a part of who we are.

"What most excites me about augmented reality’s future is its role in the arts. It has heaps of potential in this way, to scale cultural experience and make it accessible to broader audiences at lower costs. Imagine, for instance, a live AR performance of Hamlet, that is simultaneously beamed into people’s living rooms across the world." -Catherine Allen. The potential for future AR is exciting and engaging. It may be life-changing and impactful as we dive deeper into the technological age. The confines of our learning will only be expanded. Maybe, AR will become common while I am in law school and I can use it to sharpen my skills as a practicing attorney.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/12/2020 17:23:31
Subject: experiential knowing (443)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Michael Degnan’s posting below is the A category. Here are my comments. Call your work a Project and not an Assignment. It is an interactive project for creating a knowing and knowledge content among yourselves in groups of three. You are displaying your process for creating some thing from scratch. You are showing your trajectory of development. The three of you are committed. Because if there are only two, the viewer is going to ask: what happened?

I liked the felt experience because JW’s loss is URI gain, and mine because of the fishbowl. Such is the range of feelings that displaying your creative process, like a piece of artwork, can potentially evoke.

Those who embark upon their projects, will soon discover they are self-generating text in the most valuable of ways: knowledge content, experientially learnt. It is a word game and does not require physical presence. It is a digital game of "augmented reality.” It doesn’t take time; it takes an instance. Because it is an idea!

Sanjiv

DISPLAY, PROCESS, EXPERIENCE, KNOWING, INSTANCE, IDEA

from the fishbowl...

michaeldegnan

Posts: 206

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:57 am

Contact: Contact michaeldegnan

Re: Degnan: Assignments

Sun Apr 12, 2020 1:33 am

Assignment #1

1. Structure:

"Images, assumptions, and frames of reference can act as different lenses, allowing us to see what we otherwise cannot see."

2. Word Pool:

Images: appearance, photograph, portrait

Assumptions: belief, expectation, inference

Frames: body, framework, structure

References: association, connecting, implication

Lenses: monocle, spectacles, bifocal

Allowing: approve, authorize, oblige

Otherwise: differently, contrarily, diversely

3. Deconstruct:

Our previous and current experiences, along with our ability to adapt to our surroundings, are the basis for the interpretations we create.

4. Felt Experiences: There have been multiple examples in my life where I have let my own previous experiences control my current situation. One example is when I had an opportunity to go tour Johnson and Wales University. This occurred approximately 3/4 of the way through my junior year of high school. However, before I even stepped foot on the campus, the school was at a disadvantage. Previous to getting to the school, I talked to some of my older friends who had already gotten into college and had previously toured Johnson and Wales. They told me that they did not believe Johnson and Wales was a school that I should consider because of rumors that they had previously heard. Regardless of the truth of their rumors, I still let it get to my head and it definitely swayed my decision. The odds of me picking Johnson and Wales were almost insurmountable and it was mainly because of assumptions that I had made about the school.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/12/2020 16:38:13
Subject: bringing it together (448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

It is possible you are feeling lost out there in 448 and in your groups.

What should one do in that situation is a perennial question across all groups and in all cultures.

The feeling of being lost is a paradox: inability to see what is invisible. 

We are watching two cultures of Moonrise Kingdom and Gharapuri in India. 

While you can recognize what is being said and expressed in the films, 

it is the decoding of its underlying symbolic meaning 

that you are trying to get at.

It helps to look at culture as a system of communication. Think of Japanese Story and Kinky boots as systems of communications.

Systems of communication? Yes, As structures of words. Words that are symbols, representing something else. 

You’re Interpreting the other’s behaviors and mental structures by interpreting structures of words; systems of communication. 

Interpreting the other's symbolic systems. Whenever you get it right, you bring the contract home. 

How do I do this, and how do I talk like this, and do I know this is making sense? 

The truth as we witness it is that if Todd Anderson in Outsourced doesn’t figure it out, he’s not leaving small town India any time soon (Groan).

More to come. So stay tuned. 

You are then to tie up these films with Hofstede’s four dimensions, please keep that in mind.

There is nothing that you are being asked to do or understand that does not have specific steps...that are given for you to tweak and make them work for yourself.

You are reflecting on images, you are making assumptions, you are looking at words, and you are interpreting and expressing what you see. You are doing a great job. Be aware of what you are doing.

Please see Tina Martinez’ decoding of symbolic meanings.

Sanjiv

DECODE, UNDERLIE, SYMBOLIC, MEANING

from the fishbowl...

TianaMartinez

Posts: 221

Joined: Fri Jan 24, 2020 2:07 pm

Contact: Contact TianaMartinez

Outsourced Assignment

	

Structure 1

"Everything I have done, I had to fight for."

Everything- all things around us

Done- brought to an end

Fight- using effort to get through a struggle

This sentence stood out to me because it is one that explains my life and the way that I achieve everything that I have. All throughout my life since I was first able to start working, I have made my own money and worked hard to get the things that I want. I am not someone who likes to rely on other people to buy or obtain things for me, I like to work and push myself in order to get them because I am someone who likes to be independent. I have been an independent woman for as long as I could remember and I am proud of that. I know a lot of people who rely on their parents to buy things for them and get them places in which they need to go and I am glad that I am not like that. Although there is nothing wrong with relying on our parents to get things for us, independence is something that we all need to be comfortable with because there will come a point in time when we will not have our parents there to help us with everything we need.

Last edited by TianaMartinez on Fri Apr 10, 2020 7:38 pm, edited 1 time in total.

TianaMartinez

Posts: 221

Joined: Fri Jan 24, 2020 2:07 pm

Contact: Contact TianaMartinez

Re: Outsourced Assignment

	

Structure 2

"Life is like a box of chocolates."

Life- the experience of being alive

Like- having similar qualities

Box- a container that is squared or rectangular shaped used to contain items

This sentence stood out to me because it is one that I used to be told when I was younger. People can interpret this sentence in numerous different ways but to me, this means that life is full of richness and sweet, and it is also unpredictable. You will never know what you will get, whether it is something good or bad. You are always going to be concerned for what is to come, but it is not always what is wanted or expected. Sometimes we are provided with things that push us out of our comfort zones and force us to try new things instead of just those that we are accustomed to. This is something that the fishbowl did for me. I was never used to working strictly online for a class that required me to push myself to see past the black and white definitions of words and phrases, and it allowed me to enhance my skill of adjusting to foreign situations or circumstances.

Last edited by TianaMartinez on Fri Apr 10, 2020 12:19 am, edited 1 time in total.

TianaMartinez

Posts: 221

Joined: Fri Jan 24, 2020 2:07 pm

Contact: Contact TianaMartinez

Re: Outsourced Assignment

	

Structure 3

"Sometimes destruction is a good thing. She ends one cycle so a new one can begin."

Destruction- causing enough damage to completely destroy something

Good- satisfactory

Ends- the final point of anything

Cycle- events that are repeated in the same given order

New- something that did not exist before and was introduced

Begin- to start

I chose this sentence because it is one that I go by to this day. Sometimes in life, new beginnings are the best path that someone could choose to walk through. To completely let go of negative experiences and aspects that we endure and move on to new and better things could change up anyones life in a heartbeat. As sad as it is to say, I had to destroy a relationship that was extremely personal and important to me all because of the toxicity in it. I was being manipulated and mentally abused for too long to the point in which I forgot how to be myself. After I was finally able to release myself from the cycle, I immediately began to feel better and more relieved. Although closing old chapters and cycles may be difficult and upsetting for some, in the end the result is better than repeating a draining cycle.

Last edited by TianaMartinez on Fri Apr 10, 2020 2:43 am, edited 1 time in total.

TianaMartinez

Posts: 221

Joined: Fri Jan 24, 2020 2:07 pm

Contact: Contact TianaMartinez

Re: Outsourced Assignment

Structure 4

"Why do you worry so much of what people think."

Worry- anxiety over some circumstances

Much- a large quantity

People- a collective of humans

Think- to have a conscious mind about something or someone

When Todd and Asha are walking together after work, she is worried about people seeing them together since she is engaged to be married. She made it clear that she was concerned with people seeing her that close to him, so Todd says this back to her. I chose this sentence because this is something that many people in the world are concerned with. Nowadays, people are extremely concerned with the way that others view them and are concerned with acting ways in order to get approval, when this is not a good way to go about anything. I am someone who does not care about what other people think of me. I act the way that I am and do not try to change myself just to gain approval of those around me. In doing this, I show that I am comfortable in my own skin and I do not care about those who do not like me for acting the way that I am. Although a lot of people cannot say the same, it is something that each individual person has to work to change. No one should feel like they have to at a certain way in order for people to like them, instead people should live life the way THEY please.

Last edited by TianaMartinez on Fri Apr 10, 2020 7:52 pm, edited 1 time in total.

TianaMartinez

Posts: 221

Joined: Fri Jan 24, 2020 2:07 pm

Contact: Contact TianaMartinez

Re: Outsourced Assignment

Structure 5

"It's a third eye. It's the eye with what you see the most important thing. Sometimes two eyes aren't enough."

Eye- globular organs in which people and animals are able to see

See- being conscious of one's surroundings using the eye

Important- of large significance

Thing- a object that does not have a specific name

Enough- a sufficient amount of something

There is more to life than what we can see with our two eyes. There are things that are not visible to the eye but are essential to life, just as there are lessons that are only visible to the mind that we need in order to continue growing as individuals. This is something that I have always known. There are many instances in which the eyes can be deceiving about what is around you and the only way to be able to realize this is due to our knowledge. I am someone who, although I need visible proof that I can see with my eyes, I need to be able to understand it with my mind. The mind is more telling than the eyes are because with my mind I am able to tell when things are not as they seem. I am extremely good at realizing this because I do not usually believe everything that I hear or that I see, instead I rationalize with my mind.

TianaMartinez

Posts: 221

Joined: Fri Jan 24, 2020 2:07 pm

Contact: Contact TianaMartinez

Re: Outsourced Assignment

	

Words Spoken

"My name is Todd Anderson"

"You expect me to walk in there and tell everyone I'm sorry your job has been outsourced?"

"Now you don't need me here."

"Course you're free to quit."

"I'm not going to India to train my own replacement."

"No, I'm not going."

"Do you like India?"

"That’s OK. I'm dying of thirst. Keep the change."

"So sorry for the confusion."

"You have a business card, Mr. Toad?"

"I'm so fortunate to be learning the way of American business from you, Mr. Toad."

"Todd. Please just call me Todd."

"You won't be lonely there."

"What is your good name"

"Are you married?"

"You should be married."

"She wanted to start a family and I wasn’t quite ready it."

"That's great"

"I've loved her all my life."

"Mr. Toad, are you OK?"

"We just speak it differently."

"We say 'internet', and you say 'innernet'."

"Learn about America."

"You want to sound American."

"Isn't that a little dishonest? I mean I'm not gonna lie."

"I did not know we had to be deceptive"

"You look like you have no energy."

"You're looking sick"

"I'm really not interested."

"I need to get some air."

"In America, that how we keep track of your cow, is branding"

"Just want to check to say hi."

"I just wanted to hear your voice."

"I miss you."

"You know what INDIA stand for, don't ya?"

"I remember feeling, like you do."

"I don't understand."

"Don't worry. I have this. I'll protect you. Come with me."

"I want to apology to all of you, especially Asha."

"Our first mistake, is trying to run this, like an American office."

"How can do we do things differently. What would make your work day a more positive experience"

"Anyone can bring whatever they want to make their space their own, as long as it doesn’t get in the way of work"

"When I'm home, I don't miss them at all."

"You don't live with your parents?"

"You don't live with your parents. Strange."

"You’re the best we have, and I've seen you giving advice to the others."

"So promise them this time."

"My mama always tells. Life is like a box of chocolate."

"everything falls apart."

"Sometime destruction is a good thing."

"She ends one cycle so a new one can begin."

"How may I help you?"

"So he decided to give up the pleasure of life"

"Have you ever eaten a mango before?"

"You told me too. You said sometime destruction be good."

"Why didn't you say anything?"

"Todd, no one must know about this."

"It must be a secret"

"The problem is I have to sit 3 feet away from you"

"I like it."

"I would miss my parents."

"So what if they talk?"

"Why do you worry so much of people think?"

"Do you love him?"

"I learn to love him."

"You get what you'll pay for."

"I do not hear what you look like."

"I think she's the one."

"I understand that you're upset, sir."

"Today, well done to everyone. Thank you."

"I do have something to say."

"I'm not young anymore."

"I almost believe you myself."

"It's the eye with what you see, the most important thing. Sometime two eyes aren’t enough."

"You'll meet someone."

"If that’s my option, the let me go, you don't need me anymore."

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/11/2020 12:15:34
Subject: lost in translation (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Please see Amiel’s posting below and please pay heed. Thank you.

So what should one do? 

What do these words translate for me?

Well, whenever a student says he is unable to complete the assignment because group members are not responding, and can he complete it with someone else?

My answer is: "Yes you can, and your Mother is the best candidate." Listen to the Woman is a refrain I often say. And if your mothers are old school, less formally educated, or first generation and not speaking english: listen to Her all the more. Bring in those structures into your decision-making. I asked a student once, what did his mother make him for lunch, and he replied, “it is not important.” That was a lost opportunity!

Particularly those in 448, google the film Lost in Translation with Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson. Directed by Sofia Cappola. You get a sense of modern cultures as microcosms and love, not as romance, but something else entirely.

Sanjiv

TRANSLATION, LOST, OPPORTUNITY

from the fishbowl...

Amiel

Posts: 122

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

A NEW MIND

Thu Apr 09, 2020 9:04 pm

#54

What is this "radical mutation in our consciousness" that Professor Dugal speaks of? I believe this to be the "far-reaching change in structure to our surroundings". Our structure is broken and it's out of the bag. It's time to innovate and open our minds to new concepts and processes. Our old structures and ways of being are inadequate in times like this. We all feel flat on our feet because we where not prepared for the worse. This concept of "not being prepared for the worse" is something the baby boomer generation warned us about. They constantly would always warn us about the possible worse outcomes of our actions and most of the time we wouldn't pay attention to them because we thought they where crazy. It caught the majority of us off-guard but it is in our best interest that we see the importance of a new mind because we must build off our previous one. The nation is in a state of urgency and the mind must react pro-actively.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/11/2020 12:14:46
Subject: lost in translation (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Please see Amiel’s posting below and please pay heed. Thank you.

So what should one do? 

What do these words translate for me?

Well, whenever a student says he is unable to complete the assignment because group members are not responding, and can he complete it with someone else?

My answer is: "Yes you can, and your Mother is the best candidate." Listen to the Woman is a refrain I often say. And if your mothers are old school, less formally educated, or first generation and not speaking english: listen to Her all the more. Bring in those structures into your decision-making. I asked a student once, what did his mother make him for lunch, and he replied, “it is not important.” That was a lost opportunity!

Particularly those in 448, google the film Lost in Translation with Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson. Directed by Sofia Cappola. You get a sense of modern cultures as microcosms and love, not as romance, but something else entirely.

Sanjiv

TRANSLATION, LOST, OPPORTUNITY

from the fishbowl...

Amiel

Posts: 122

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

A NEW MIND

Thu Apr 09, 2020 9:04 pm

#54

What is this "radical mutation in our consciousness" that Professor Dugal speaks of? I believe this to be the "far-reaching change in structure to our surroundings". Our structure is broken and it's out of the bag. It's time to innovate and open our minds to new concepts and processes. Our old structures and ways of being are inadequate in times like this. We all feel flat on our feet because we where not prepared for the worse. This concept of "not being prepared for the worse" is something the baby boomer generation warned us about. They constantly would always warn us about the possible worse outcomes of our actions and most of the time we wouldn't pay attention to them because we thought they where crazy. It caught the majority of us off-guard but it is in our best interest that we see the importance of a new mind because we must build off our previous one. The nation is in a state of urgency and the mind must react pro-actively.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/10/2020 14:10:28
Subject: EDULEARN20 ABSTRACT
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well. Stay close to text is the best mantra. It is the only way we will survive and prevail over COVID. Previously we gathered around candle-light and read to each other. Today we stay close to text in fishbowls. Going deeper and further with text. Focusing on symbols and interpretations.

Please see the email below. EDULEARN20 asked for changes (groan). When I re-read our abstract, it was a double groan. We were making connections between reader and writer in a visual culture. This would fly in a conference on critical thinking and not on education, technology and learning. I re-wrote it, as you see below, and have saved it on the conference site. So keep your fingers crossed this time. This is competition for market space. We are granted time until the 15th. That also permits us to change the author listing. There are a few students whose names have not been included in the earlier abstract because it was hard for me to tell if they knew what was going on. If that situation has changed, then please email me about it. I think it is a good idea to have a digital footprint. However, it can be expected that someone, someday will ask you about it and you must be comfortable with your response. You could be running for President!

Sanjiv

Revised Abstract for EDULEARN20:

“Immersive Learning: Heuristic Device for Transmitting Social Imaginaries

Introduction

We are 120 participants (students at the University of Rhode Island) presenting the results of an online learning device that we developed in the course of ordering, organizing, and transmitting knowledge among ourselves. We present deep mental involvement that takes viewers to realistic learning situations (social imaginaries) without constraints of reality: logistics, risks, real-time and little right to fail. In 10 +1 steps, our paper presents the outcome of three participants, interacting and experiencing Immersive Learning in a digital environment.

Objective 

To develop a heuristic device that enables participants to discover or learn something for themselves. Examples that employ heuristics include using trial and error, a rule of thumb, an educated guess, an intuitive judgment, a guesstimate, profiling, or common sense. In their initial research, Tversky and Kahneman proposed three heuristics—availability, representativeness, and anchoring and adjustment. Subsequent work has identified many more. 

Methodology 

Reflexive interpretation is built around a multi-layered, flexible structure of interpretation and reflection in which the systematic interplay of reflections are central. Whenever we reflected, we thought about the premises for our thoughts, our observations and our use of language. The core of reflection (reflexivity) is "the way we construct ourselves socially while also constructing ‘internet things' out there. For without construction, and without a constructing and constructed self, there can be no meaning.” 

Results

1. The way we attend to meaning changed. 

2. Enabling experimentation and “learning by doing.” 

3. Encouraging playfulness and theatrics.

4. Interpretation rather than the Representation of 'performative text' became central. 

5. Participants repeated and re-entered learning spaces, creating a self-generating reality.

Conclusion

Immersive Learning is still emerging as a practice in the workforce, but it is clear that given the broad range of employee-training services, understanding heuristics of 'augmented reality’ and ‘extended reality’ technology will be critical to every enterprise in the future.

References

1.Judgment under Uncertainty: Heuristics and Biases by Amos Tversky and Daniel Kahneman in "Judgment and Decision Making, An Interdisciplinary Reader," Second Edition, Edited by Terry Connoly, Hal R. Arkes, and Kenneth R. Hammond, Cambridge University Press, 2000 (p.35)

2.Learning as immersive experiences: Using the four-dimensional framework for designing and evaluating immersive learning experiences in a virtual world by

Sara de Freitas, Genaro Rebolledo-Mendez, Fotis Liarokapis, George Magoulas and Alexandra Poulovassilis, British Journal of Educational Technology, Vol 41 No 1 2010 (p.69-85)

3.Reflexive Methodology, New Vistas for Qualitative Research by Mats Alvesson and Kaj Skoldberg, Sage Publications, 2001 (p.24-247)

4.Personal narrative, performance, performativity: Two or three things I know for sure by Kristin M. Langellier, Pages 125-144 Published online: 05 Jun 2009, Journal of Text and Performativity, Vol 19, 1999-Issue 2.

Key Words: IMMERSIVE LEARNING, HEURISTICS, VIRTUAL REALITY, PERFORMATIVE TEXT

 

Begin forwarded message:

From: EDULEARN20 <edulearn20@iated.org>

Subject: EDULEARN20 - Abstract Notification

Date: April 8, 2020 at 2:02:38 PM EDT

To: sanjivdugal@uri.edu

Dear Dr Sanjiv Dugal,

We are glad to inform you about the status of your submitted abstract for EDULEARN20:

- Abstract id: 1247

- Abstract title: IMMERSIVE LEARNING: HEURISTIC DEVICE FOR TRANSMITTING SOCIAL IMAGINARIES

- Status: The abstract needs to be reviewed by the author. 

- Note: Following the evaluation of your contribution, we wish to inform you that:

 - The author is suggested to provide more information about this proposal. The objectives, methodology and results of the study should be described in more detail.

In order to consider your presentation in EDULEARN20, please make the indicated corrections to your abstract. Then, it will be reviewed again in order to consider its final acceptance or rejection for EDULEARN20. You can modify your abstract at iated.org/edulearn/submit until the 15th of April, 2020 (included).

Thank you for your interest in EDULEARN20.

We look forward to your participation.

Kind regards,

EDULEARN20 Organising Committee

Email: edulearn20@iated.org

Website: iated.org/edulearn

This email and any eventual attachment contain confidential information exclusively intended for the addressee. You are not allowed to disclose, copy or distribute it to third parties without IATED Academy’s prior written authorization. lf you have received this email in error, please delete it immediately and we ask to let us know about this error by forwarding it to the sender's email address. Pursuant to the provisions of the current regulations on data protection, both at the national and the European level, IATED Academy guarantees the adoption of the required technical and organizational measures to ensure the confidential treatment of personal data. Likewise, we inform you that your email address has been obtained from the interested party or from public sources and has been included in our files in order to permit us to maintain contact w

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/10/2020 14:09:56
Subject: EDULEARN20 ABSTRACT
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well. Stay close to text is the best mantra. It is the only way we will survive and prevail over COVID. Previously we gathered around candle-light and read to each other. Today we stay close to text in fishbowls. Going deeper and further with text. Focusing on symbols and interpretations.

Please see the email below. EDULEARN20 asked for changes (groan). When I re-read our abstract, it was a double groan. We were making connections between reader and writer in a visual culture. This would fly in a conference on critical thinking and not on education, technology and learning. I re-wrote it, as you see below, and have saved it on the conference site. So keep your fingers crossed this time. This is competition for market space. We are granted time until the 15th. That also permits us to change the author listing. There are a few students whose names have not been included in the earlier abstract because it was hard for me to tell if they knew what was going on. If that situation has changed, then please email me about it. I think it is a good idea to have a digital footprint. However, it can be expected that someone, someday will ask you about it and you must be comfortable with your response. You could be running for President!

Sanjiv

Revised Abstract for EDULEARN20:

“Immersive Learning: Heuristic Device for Transmitting Social Imaginaries

Introduction

We are 120 participants (students at the University of Rhode Island) presenting the results of an online learning device that we developed in the course of ordering, organizing, and transmitting knowledge among ourselves. We present deep mental involvement that takes viewers to realistic learning situations (social imaginaries) without constraints of reality: logistics, risks, real-time and little right to fail. In 10 +1 steps, our paper presents the outcome of three participants, interacting and experiencing Immersive Learning in a digital environment.

Objective 

To develop a heuristic device that enables participants to discover or learn something for themselves. Examples that employ heuristics include using trial and error, a rule of thumb, an educated guess, an intuitive judgment, a guesstimate, profiling, or common sense. In their initial research, Tversky and Kahneman proposed three heuristics—availability, representativeness, and anchoring and adjustment. Subsequent work has identified many more. 

Methodology 

Reflexive interpretation is built around a multi-layered, flexible structure of interpretation and reflection in which the systematic interplay of reflections are central. Whenever we reflected, we thought about the premises for our thoughts, our observations and our use of language. The core of reflection (reflexivity) is "the way we construct ourselves socially while also constructing ‘internet things' out there. For without construction, and without a constructing and constructed self, there can be no meaning.” 

Results

1. The way we attend to meaning changed. 

2. Enabling experimentation and “learning by doing.” 

3. Encouraging playfulness and theatrics.

4. Interpretation rather than the Representation of 'performative text' became central. 

5. Participants repeated and re-entered learning spaces, creating a self-generating reality.

Conclusion

Immersive Learning is still emerging as a practice in the workforce, but it is clear that given the broad range of employee-training services, understanding heuristics of 'augmented reality’ and ‘extended reality’ technology will be critical to every enterprise in the future.

References

1.Judgment under Uncertainty: Heuristics and Biases by Amos Tversky and Daniel Kahneman in "Judgment and Decision Making, An Interdisciplinary Reader," Second Edition, Edited by Terry Connoly, Hal R. Arkes, and Kenneth R. Hammond, Cambridge University Press, 2000 (p.35)

2.Learning as immersive experiences: Using the four-dimensional framework for designing and evaluating immersive learning experiences in a virtual world by

Sara de Freitas, Genaro Rebolledo-Mendez, Fotis Liarokapis, George Magoulas and Alexandra Poulovassilis, British Journal of Educational Technology, Vol 41 No 1 2010 (p.69-85)

3.Reflexive Methodology, New Vistas for Qualitative Research by Mats Alvesson and Kaj Skoldberg, Sage Publications, 2001 (p.24-247)

4.Personal narrative, performance, performativity: Two or three things I know for sure by Kristin M. Langellier, Pages 125-144 Published online: 05 Jun 2009, Journal of Text and Performativity, Vol 19, 1999-Issue 2.

Key Words: IMMERSIVE LEARNING, HEURISTICS, VIRTUAL REALITY, PERFORMATIVE TEXT

 

Begin forwarded message:

From: EDULEARN20 <edulearn20@iated.org>

Subject: EDULEARN20 - Abstract Notification

Date: April 8, 2020 at 2:02:38 PM EDT

To: sanjivdugal@uri.edu

Dear Dr Sanjiv Dugal,

We are glad to inform you about the status of your submitted abstract for EDULEARN20:

- Abstract id: 1247

- Abstract title: IMMERSIVE LEARNING: HEURISTIC DEVICE FOR TRANSMITTING SOCIAL IMAGINARIES

- Status: The abstract needs to be reviewed by the author. 

- Note: Following the evaluation of your contribution, we wish to inform you that:

 - The author is suggested to provide more information about this proposal. The objectives, methodology and results of the study should be described in more detail.

In order to consider your presentation in EDULEARN20, please make the indicated corrections to your abstract. Then, it will be reviewed again in order to consider its final acceptance or rejection for EDULEARN20. You can modify your abstract at iated.org/edulearn/submit until the 15th of April, 2020 (included).

Thank you for your interest in EDULEARN20.

We look forward to your participation.

Kind regards,

EDULEARN20 Organising Committee

Email: edulearn20@iated.org

Website: iated.org/edulearn

This email and any eventual attachment contain confidential information exclusively intended for the addressee. You are not allowed to disclose, copy or distribute it to third parties without IATED Academy’s prior written authorization. lf you have received this email in error, please delete it immediately and we ask to let us know about this error by forwarding it to the sender's email address. Pursuant to the provisions of the current regulations on data protection, both at the national and the European level, IATED Academy guarantees the adoption of the required technical and organizational measures to ensure the confidential treatment of personal data. Likewise, we inform you that your email address has been obtained from the interested party or from public sources and has been included in our files in order to permit us to maintain contact w

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/9/2020 16:50:27
Subject: Re: I have a question
------------------------------------------------------------
Yes. You can adjust them and do them independently. Your Mom is the best candidate. 

However, you are not 'abandoning' your group but being a 'catalyst.' Or maybe a 'go-between' or 'showing the way' (metaphors). Some of us are fearful. I am like that in some things which are simple for others.

Your work is graded upon your evidence of learning through a process and a practice. My role is to give you every wherewithal to provide evidence. Your process and practice is yours to create after that.

The fishbowl has been designed on the principle that we all learn at our own pace and we're on our own trajectories. You and me.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/9/2020 12:50:06
Subject: steps in the fishbowl (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are safe and keeping well. I thought my generation would escape a world war, but that is what we’re living through.

As soldiers, in the front-line, you know the drill. The drill translates into: Doing Knowledge. Doing it and keeping up with it is the hard part. 

By way of suggestion, please open a Topic in your fishbowls and call it: I Have a Question?

Group members may post their questions under this Topic heading, and in one place. I will be able to address the questions if I can, and so would others.

I always look in the fishbowl by clicking on Active Topics: top right hand side.

It gives me a fair idea as to what is going on in class on a frequent and daily basis.

I’ll be alerted every time I see: I Have a Question.

Here’s what I have learnt.

25% get the hang of it early, after which they are impatient to get to the next step.

25% for reasons beyond their control were out to lunch, and then never really found their way back.

50% are at several stages of development and creativity. Facing Hesitancy and Inflexibility of mental structures.

You have a fair understanding of your process for creating knowledge? 

The basic process is : Deconstruct and Infuse. 

Steps (course of action):

What is the opening structure you selected? 

Do it carefully because the viewer is assessing the sentence you selected? 

After that, you Deconstruct and Infuse, and you want to keep it as short as possible.

What keeps us from doing this as a daily practice? Whenever we do so, we feel good. Please fact check. Same as going to the gym.

Post your doubts and skepticism under I Have a Question. One never takes criticism personally. It is inescapably a matter of misperception and miscommunication. Our difficulties are unique to us in the first place, and then they are universally true as well. We’re all seekers of coherence and clarity...and we got the Steps (course of action)!

Sanjiv

DRILL, COHERENCE, CLARITY, HESITANT, INFLEXIBLE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/9/2020 12:49:32
Subject: steps in the fishbowl (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are safe and keeping well. I thought my generation would escape a world war, but that is what we’re living through.

As soldiers, in the front-line, you know the drill. The drill translates into: Doing Knowledge. Doing it and keeping up with it is the hard part. 

By way of suggestion, please open a Topic in your fishbowls and call it: I Have a Question?

Group members may post their questions under this Topic heading, and in one place. I will be able to address the questions if I can, and so would others.

I always look in the fishbowl by clicking on Active Topics: top right hand side.

It gives me a fair idea as to what is going on in class on a frequent and daily basis.

I’ll be alerted every time I see: I Have a Question.

Here’s what I have learnt.

25% get the hang of it early, after which they are impatient to get to the next step.

25% for reasons beyond their control were out to lunch, and then never really found their way back.

50% are at several stages of development and creativity. Facing Hesitancy and Inflexibility of mental structures.

You have a fair understanding of your process for creating knowledge? 

The basic process is : Deconstruct and Infuse. 

Steps (course of action):

What is the opening structure you selected? 

Do it carefully because the viewer is assessing the sentence you selected? 

After that, you Deconstruct and Infuse, and you want to keep it as short as possible.

What keeps us from doing this as a daily practice? Whenever we do so, we feel good. Please fact check. Same as going to the gym.

Post your doubts and skepticism under I Have a Question. One never takes criticism personally. It is inescapably a matter of misperception and miscommunication. Our difficulties are unique to us in the first place, and then they are universally true as well. We’re all seekers of coherence and clarity...and we got the Steps (course of action)!

Sanjiv

DRILL, COHERENCE, CLARITY, HESITANT, INFLEXIBLE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/8/2020 19:57:29
Subject: a student's reflection
------------------------------------------------------------
Dear Dean Maling Ebrahimpour, Assoc. Dean Shaw Chen and Assoc. Dean Doug Hales,

I hope you are well and keeping safe.

I wanted to bring the following posting by student Andrew Bikash to your attention.

Sincerely,

Sanjiv

c: Jay Walsh, President AAUP, BUS443, BUS448

from the fishbowl,

andrewbikash

Posts: 263

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Contact: Contact andrewbikash

Look for meaning, not happiness

 Wed Apr 08, 2020 1:54 pm

"In a study of over 1,000 people, 58 percent of respondents reported finding positive meaning in the wake of the Sept. 11 attacks, such as a greater appreciation of life and a deeper sense of spirituality." I was only 2 years old when 9/11 happened and it didn't take me until 9th grade to realize the magnitude of the event. My social studies teacher was the first to really show me and my classmates the true details of what happened on that day through a documentary that must have disclosed every single detail. My teacher constantly emphasized that 9/11 is an event that we must never forget. Not only must we keep in our memories for as long as we live but we must continue to spread the message for generations to come. While I am sure the teacher's main intention of instilling this into us was to make us aware of important historical events in our country and how tragic events like 9/11 happen in the world, I also believe that his intentions may have aligned with the concept that we should be more appreciative of our lives and of the ones we love and use events like 9/11 to make our world a better place and move forward.

I suppose that this pandemic is the first international event that is changing the world every day, and while I am somewhat down about the situation, that I couldn't celebrate my 21st among other things, and just see friends and family in general, I am making the most of it and doing what I can to be a better person, such as building my knowledge creation abilities through reading and posting in the fishbowl, until the world settles back down.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/8/2020 19:56:28
Subject: a student's reflection
------------------------------------------------------------
Dear Dean Maling Ebrahimpour, Assoc. Dean Shaw Chen and Assoc. Dean Doug Hales,

I hope you are well and keeping safe.

I wanted to bring the following posting by student Andrew Bikash to your attention.

Sincerely,

Sanjiv

c: Jay Walsh, President AAUP, BUS443, BUS448

from the fishbowl,

andrewbikash

Posts: 263

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Contact: Contact andrewbikash

Look for meaning, not happiness

andrewbikash » Wed Apr 08, 2020 1:54 pm

"In a study of over 1,000 people, 58 percent of respondents reported finding positive meaning in the wake of the Sept. 11 attacks, such as a greater appreciation of life and a deeper sense of spirituality." I was only 2 years old when 9/11 happened and it didn't take me until 9th grade to realize the magnitude of the event. My social studies teacher was the first to really show me and my classmates the true details of what happened on that day through a documentary that must have disclosed every single detail. My teacher constantly emphasized that 9/11 is an event that we must never forget. Not only must we keep in our memories for as long as we live but we must continue to spread the message for generations to come. While I am sure the teacher's main intention of instilling this into us was to make us aware of important historical events in our country and how tragic events like 9/11 happen in the world, I also believe that his intentions may have aligned with the concept that we should be more appreciative of our lives and of the ones we love and use events like 9/11 to make our world a better place and move forward.

I suppose that this pandemic is the first international event that is changing the world every day, and while I am somewhat down about the situation, that I couldn't celebrate my 21st among other things, and just see friends and family in general, I am making the most of it and doing what I can to be a better person, such as building my knowledge creation abilities through reading and posting in the fishbowl, until the world settles back down.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/7/2020 22:01:16
Subject: Jackson Pollock (448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Please see the documentary (40mts) on Jackson Pollock

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qY9leqZUMIk

Like your fishbowls and your postings, Jackson Pollock broke new ground. New structures.

Politics surrounds every new process and its outcome. 

No posting or yours is without politics. Knowledge and learning is a political process. 

The Fishbowl has had its share of gunfights. But after the shoot-out, like Clint Eastwood, you’re still standing. 

The Fishbowl represents Americans and American values. Scroll through and see for yourselves.

You determine the existence of the Fishbowl.

Sanjiv

ABSTRACT EXPRESSIONISM (please google)

from the fishbowl...

michaeldegnan

Posts: 200

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:57 am

Contact: Contact michaeldegnan

Re: Degnan: Letters

Post by michaeldegnan » Mon Apr 06, 2020 3:00 pm

Constituting a laboratory for change

This fishbowl can be very accurately described as a laboratory of sorts. The reason behind this is we are trying different styles of learning that are different than traditional styles and to some people, our style is still questionable. However, with more and more research and effort put into this subject, I believe more and more people will begin to accept our unique principles.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/7/2020 21:10:31
Subject: an American's value system (448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I would like to interject and juxtapose another concept to the posting my Elilis below. That of the Rhizome. Your fishbowls are many things to many people, they are also like a rhizome.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQ2rJWwXilw

As you may have guessed by now, I am a Deleuzian and a post-structuralist, and so are you in the fishbowl. Your fishbowl is not meant to be read in order.

Please note the value (words) system of a quintessential American: Jackson Pollock

Please watch youtubes on his technique and pull out words: they describe an american value system.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PQfMd3Vv-g

Sanjiv

ps: I see many of you as budding Jackson Pollocks.

from the fishbowl...

Elilis

Posts: 126

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 1:22 pm

Contact: Contact Elilis

Re: Interpreting Letters

Tue Apr 07, 2020 4:19 pm

Letter Title: Awareness of one's world (448)

"Your postings open thresholds between you and the others in the world. "These thresholds are silences.”

"If your silence does not remain present and active, your fishbowl loses its most important function: communicating and not merely transmitting information"

In the above sentences lies the true function of the fishbowl. If it weren't for the fishbowl, many of my fellow classmates would not have ever read my work, and vice versa. This is the threshold we pass every time we post, through breaking our silence. We've moved passed sitting in a class room where there is not enough time for everyone's opinions and ideas to be heard and shared. We are operating in a forum that breaks down those barriers. Everyone is free to interpret and convey what they please and we are not bogged down by anything but our own level of engagement. In the fishbowl we are sharing, creating, interpreting and communicating our beliefs and thought processes and gaining a collective understanding of ourselves and each other. We are breaking down barriers in communication and presenting our understanding to one another. We're all working through concepts, values and ideas, trying to make sense of them individually and at the same time we are able to see someone else's interpretation which then adds to our individual understanding. SOCIAL REFLEXIVITY.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 4/7/2020 20:05:12
Subject: summarizing the final (443)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Summing up your 4 Projects:

Each project will render the following structures:

Opening Structure: 1

Individual Re-structure: 3

Joint Structure:1

Total Structures developed: 5.

Grand total for 4 Projects: 5 x 4 = 20

DIchotomies: Dichotomies are made from your perceptual categories.

Your dichotomies, i.e. 2 words, represent a complex relationship that you are investigating.

You do so by constructing a structure that holds ELEMENTS of both words.

You gathered elements by focusing on the words, i.e, taking them further into the dictionary, in order to make a considered selection.

Every project will have nine felt experiences. Each individual will have shared 3 which includes the last paragraph called Realization and Insight. Both these words have to be understood by you before you write the paragraph. Go to the dictionary and write them out.

You will give me the following on the last day of class:

1. The Group’s list of 20 Structures and Dichotomies.

2. Individual’s selected 15 words from above

3. Distribute the 15 words above, into 5 boxes: 3 words in each box. Two inside and one outside. 2+1, five times. You’re doing this individually. You are constructing a design.

4. YOu will write 5 sentences, one for each box. Each sentence made from 2+1 words. ALways take them further.

Finally, You will share your designs and create a Group Design. You will tweak your design models and come up with a Group FInal Design. One that you are all comfortable with.

ALL OF THE ABOVE HAS TO BE POSTED BEFORE APRIL30. ON THAT DAY I WILL GIVE YOU A NEWS ITEM FOR YOU TO IMPLEMENT YOUR DESIGN. IT WILL BE A GROUP PAPER 3 PAGES, DOUBLE SPACED. MORE ON THAT LATER.

YOUR FINAL GROUP PAPER WILL BE POSTED IN THE FISHBOWL ON THE DAY OF THE EXAM, IN MAY SOMETIME.

ANY QUESTIONS SHOULD BE POSTED IN YOUR FISHBOWL UNDER THE TOPIC: “I HAVE A QUESTION” AND I WILL ADDRESS IT THE MOMENT I SEE IT. I SEE IT BY CLICKING ON ACTIVE TOPICS REPEATEDLY. 

Sanjiv

ps: treat it like it is: a word game. Doesn’t take long. Be true to yourselves. As you develop your word game, I will be filling in the theory until the day of the exam.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/30/2020 22:24:22
Subject: Reflexive Methodology for a Knowledge Economy (443)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I hope you are well. I feel bad that circumstance will cheat you out of a graduation ceremony and celebration, and much else. 

Your efforts in your fishbowl shows the viewer that leadership and constructing knowledge comes from your reflections. We are looking at the future of your mental spaces and creative consciousness (critical phenomenology, please google).

In a digital environment, you are developing different uses of reflexivity or reflection which typically draws attention to the complex relationship between processes of knowledge production and the various contexts of such processes as well as the involvement of the knowledge producer. Please see Sophie Vicedomine's posting below.

In simple words, in your work environment, you will be paying much attention to how one thinks about thinking. Yours has to be a reflexivity that constantly assesses. A reflexivity that constantly assesses the relationship between “knowledge" and “the ways of doing knowledge’. Your postings are woven together in the process of knowledge development. Your fishbowls are constructing, interpreting and writing empirical material.

As a knowledge worker in a digital economy, you will be asked, HOW do you know something and WHY?

Please be certain as to what you are doing. Looking at my last letter to you,... we are maintaining the belief that the study of suitable (well thought-out) excerpts from any particular reality (like Fromm) can provide an important basis for the generation of knowledge that opens up rather than closes, and furnishes opportunities for understanding rather than establishing “truths.”

I will be writing to you about the 10+1 in 443. I have given you an opening syntax, if you check your notes, but I will do so again in the next letter. You are all doing fine in the course. Don’t doubt yourself. In the fishbowl, even silence speaks. We have the entire April to finish the 4 projects. You have to begin to “look" at each other. It was never meant to be between you and me. 

Please google Marta Calas & Linda Smircich, 

and, Mats Alvesson & Kaj Skoldberg.

I love these people. I owe them, for they have taught me much.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

sophievicedomine

Posts: 37

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 11:02 am

Contact: Contact sophievicedomine

Re: letter reflections

Mon Mar 30, 2020 6:08 pm

Thought as production, not as access

Thought - an idea or opinion produced by thinking, or occurring suddenly in the min

Production - the action of making or manufacturing from components or raw materials, or the process of being so manufactured.

Access - a means of approaching or entering a place. an attack or outburst of an emotion

I've fallen off the horse a bit recently in the fishbowl. The strange newness of no structure in my everyday life at first was fun, and a bit freeing, but as the days passed in a cycle of my ever-shifting sleep patterns and strange meal times, I realized it was bogging me down. It took me a bit to come back to the sense of community and to find it in an online platform. It is really easy to feel overwhelmed with everything going on, but the fishbowl has at least stayed constant in the changing syllabi of other classes.

I looked up the concepts of Om and Indra's net, and it inspired me to delve into new areas of knowledge and knowing that I've never experienced before. I'm familiar with some similar concepts in my practice of yoga, but I know my knowledge about those things is surface level.

I know what I bring to the table - a strong sense of purpose and an ambition that drives me. I am incredibly persistent when I am inspired, and it is part of my responsibility as a student to find the most interesting niches of every subject.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/29/2020 22:48:28
Subject: embedded in each other's text (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I am invariably thinking of you... I am thinking of the future ... making meaning. My RESOURCES are the text and images that I generate. 

I woke-up early and worked on the concept and word: Hope. The thought came to me in the middle of the night to LINK the word with Eric Fromm (please google).

This connection between the word Hope and the writer Eric Fromm is a choice, and a SELECTION that came to me in the middle of the night. Add I felt good and comfortable about it. It is where my IMAGINATION and KNOWLEDGE intersected. After that, when I woke in the morning, I took the word HOPE further and linked it with being HUMAN. 

All my connections and selections and juxtapositions are inspirations from your postings. What does it mean to be human and to have hope?

What does it mean to me when I read your postings. What do I feel? Thank you for showing me.

Well how do I go about answering the question: what does it mean to be human?

WHERE do I start, and after that WHAT do I do, and HOW do I do it?

1. I have to FIND a syntax. I have to find a structure with which I will enter the unknown regarding the question: what does it mean to be human and to have hope?

2. I FIND the following syntax from Eric Fromm's, The Miracle of Hope.

"To be human is to be a miracle of evolution conscious of its own miraculousness — a consciousness beautiful and bittersweet, for we have paid for it with a parallel awareness not only of our fundamental improbability but of our staggering fragility, of how physiologically precarious our survival is and how psychologically vulnerable our sanity. To make that awareness bearable, we have evolved a singular faculty that might just be the crowning miracle of our consciousness: hope."

"Hope — and the wise, effective action that can spring from it — is the counterweight to the heavy sense of our own fragility. It is a continual negotiation between optimism and despair, a continual negation of cynicism and naïveté. We hope precisely because we are aware that terrible outcomes are always possible and often probable, but that the choices we make can impact the outcomes."

3. I selected sentence structures from his book. KEEP IT SIMPLE, ALWAYS. The best structures are generally found in the Introduction. Gives you perspective, distance and choice whether to go ahead with reading further. That is always the question in every RELATION that you are developing: should we take this FURTHER? Is there POSSIBILITY between us. Do we have POTENTIAL? I’m talking of your relation with words.

4. Now DECONSTRUCT and INFUSE.

So proceeding with the task at hand...what does the word human mean?

"To be human is a miracle of evolution

conscious of its own miraculousness.” Wow!

I better look up “miracle” and “evolution”. I did. Wow again.

Type them out.

One’s “awareness" of things, like online words, is everything.

Wow. Look up AWARENESS and type it out, it is everything in the digital sphere.

The digital world is a different kind of space. It is VIRTUAL. It is MENTAL. It is IMAGINARY. We’re experiencing it. Corona brought it to our awareness. But it happened in the most tragic of ways. 

When the fishbowl was formed in the 1990s by a group of us, we were ahead of the curve and have been practicing it ever since. Just got lucky hanging around the right people. Europeans mostly. We discovered through study the differences in critical thinking between Germans, French, Scandinavians and the Brits. The Italians and Spanish too. The influences just go on and on. This summer I’m going to crack the text of Peter Sloterdjik. I can’t wait! Last summer was my first shot at it. You gotta return!

Regarding the birth of the fishbowl I have to acknowledge the work of three students who were my peers in every respect and colleagues: Matt Roy, Matthew Eriksen and Kathy Mallon. We had intense relations, for we were bringing forth the 10+1steps and breaking new pedagogical ground. A lot of battles and wars, mostly with Administration. It was another time at URI, definitely worthy of a movie.

Getting back to the syntax...

“A consciousness beautiful and bittersweet, and we paid for it with a parallel awareness of our limitations and precariousness.

To make this awareness bearable, as humans, we evolved the faculty of Hope.” Wow!

Looked up faculty. To EVOLVE the FACULTY of Hope.

Hope is that we will take wise and effective action in every crisis, like Carona.

Hope is the COUNTERWEIGHT to our fragility.

Counterweight in the dichotomous sense. 

A continual negotiation between the dichotomies: optimism/despair, and negation of the dichotomy cynicism/despair.

Wow, wow and wow. Please pause and see the impact of creating dichotomies.

I have hope that the choices you make in the digital world, like you are making in your fishbowls, will have the same impact in the outcomes in your life.

THANK YOU! Please see Maia Weltman’s posting below.

Sanjiv

ps: it is going to get heavy. Just absorb it all. You know your home works are different in the two courses. The key is to listen to me and Just Do It. It is never difficult, and I will always show you how to do it. The Steps. But you have to make the Selection and the Creation. At the most basic, you are creating dichotomies and building from there. Don’t get wrapped up about the A and letter. You already got a foot in the conference. That’s impressive in the digital world. So long it gets accepted. The last date is April 2 and then the review begins. Until then we can edit it. Write to me if you have any concern.

from the fishbowl...

maia_weltman

Posts: 33

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 11:20 am

Contact: Contact maia_weltman

Re: Letter Reflections Weltman

Sun Mar 29, 2020 11:00 am

Sharing Felt Experiences

- Right now I believe that myself and many of my peers are frustrated. We are frustrated because we are all going to be graduating and entering a time where the job market may possibly be at its worst. We are all trying to do our best to finish up our degrees knowingly that there will be no graduation. We are frustrated because we didn't get a last change to say good-bye to fellow peers or professors, or thank you's! I may have not even gone to my last class for all I know, and maybe I wouldn't have paid any attention anyways...

But now I feel frustrated. This is rather sad for all of us, professors included. We had plans, visions, and excitement for what was to come and now we are face with uncertainty day by day.

With that being said, I am going to do my best to communicate with you all more actively and emotionally in the fishbowl.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/29/2020 22:47:24
Subject: embedded in each other's text (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I am invariably thinking of you... I am thinking of the future ... making meaning. My RESOURCES are the text and images that I generate. 

I woke-up early and worked on the concept and word: Hope. The thought came to me in the middle of the night to LINK the word with Eric Fromm (please google).

This connection between the word Hope and the writer Eric Fromm is a choice, and a SELECTION that came to me in the middle of the night. And I felt good and comfortable about it. It is where my IMAGINATION and KNOWLEDGE intersected. After that, when I woke in the morning, I took the word HOPE further and linked it with being HUMAN. 

All my connections and selections and juxtapositions are inspirations from your postings. What does it mean to be human and to have hope?

What does it mean to me when I read your postings. What do I feel? Thank you for showing me.

Well how do I go about answering the question: what does it mean to be human?

WHERE do I start, and after that WHAT do I do, and HOW do I do it?

1. I have to FIND a syntax. I have to find a structure with which I will enter the unknown regarding the question: what does it mean to be human and to have hope?

2. I FIND the following syntax from Eric Fromm's, The Miracle of Hope.

"To be human is to be a miracle of evolution conscious of its own miraculousness — a consciousness beautiful and bittersweet, for we have paid for it with a parallel awareness not only of our fundamental improbability but of our staggering fragility, of how physiologically precarious our survival is and how psychologically vulnerable our sanity. To make that awareness bearable, we have evolved a singular faculty that might just be the crowning miracle of our consciousness: hope."

"Hope — and the wise, effective action that can spring from it — is the counterweight to the heavy sense of our own fragility. It is a continual negotiation between optimism and despair, a continual negation of cynicism and naïveté. We hope precisely because we are aware that terrible outcomes are always possible and often probable, but that the choices we make can impact the outcomes."

3. I selected sentence structures from his book. KEEP IT SIMPLE, ALWAYS. The best structures are generally found in the Introduction. Gives you perspective, distance and choice whether to go ahead with reading further. That is always the question in every RELATION that you are developing: should we take this FURTHER? Is there POSSIBILITY between us. Do we have POTENTIAL? I’m talking of your relation with words.

4. Now DECONSTRUCT and INFUSE.

So proceeding with the task at hand...what does the word human mean?

"To be human is a miracle of evolution

conscious of its own miraculousness.” Wow!

I better look up “miracle” and “evolution”. I did. Wow again.

Type them out.

One’s “awareness" of things, like online words, is everything.

Wow. Look up AWARENESS and type it out, it is everything in the digital sphere.

The digital world is a different kind of space. It is VIRTUAL. It is MENTAL. It is IMAGINARY. We’re experiencing it. Corona brought it to our awareness. But it happened in the most tragic of ways. 

When the fishbowl was formed in the 1990s by a group of us, we were ahead of the curve and have been practicing it ever since. Just got lucky hanging around the right people. Europeans mostly. We discovered through study the differences in critical thinking between Germans, French, Scandinavians and the Brits. The Italians and Spanish too. The influences just go on and on. This summer I’m going to crack the text of Peter Sloterdjik. I can’t wait! Last summer was my first shot at it. You gotta return!

Regarding the birth of the fishbowl I have to acknowledge the work of three students who were my peers in every respect and colleagues: Matt Roy, Matthew Eriksen and Kathy Mallon. We had intense relations, for we were bringing forth the 10+1steps and breaking new pedagogical ground. A lot of battles and wars, mostly with Administration. It was another time at URI, definitely worthy of a movie.

Getting back to the syntax...

“A consciousness beautiful and bittersweet, and we paid for it with a parallel awareness of our limitations and precariousness.

To make this awareness bearable, as humans, we evolved the faculty of Hope.” Wow!

Looked up faculty. To EVOLVE the FACULTY of Hope.

Hope is that we will take wise and effective action in every crisis, like Carona.

Hope is the COUNTERWEIGHT to our fragility.

Counterweight in the dichotomous sense. 

A continual negotiation between the dichotomies: optimism/despair, and negation of the dichotomy cynicism/despair.

Wow, wow and wow. Please pause and see the impact of creating dichotomies.

I have hope that the choices you make in the digital world, like you are making in your fishbowls, will have the same impact in the outcomes in your life.

THANK YOU! Please see Maia Weltman’s posting below.

Sanjiv

ps: it is going to get heavy. Just absorb it all. You know your home works are different in the two courses. The key is to listen to me and Just Do It. It is never difficult, and I will always show you how to do it. The Steps. But you have to make the Selection and the Creation. At the most basic, you are creating dichotomies and building from there. Don’t get wrapped up about the A and letter. You already got a foot in the conference. That’s impressive in the digital world. So long it gets accepted. The last date is April 2 and then the review begins. Until then we can edit it. Write to me if you have any concern.

from the fishbowl...

maia_weltman

Posts: 33

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 11:20 am

Contact: Contact maia_weltman

Re: Letter Reflections Weltman

Sun Mar 29, 2020 11:00 am

Sharing Felt Experiences

- Right now I believe that myself and many of my peers are frustrated. We are frustrated because we are all going to be graduating and entering a time where the job market may possibly be at its worst. We are all trying to do our best to finish up our degrees knowingly that there will be no graduation. We are frustrated because we didn't get a last change to say good-bye to fellow peers or professors, or thank you's! I may have not even gone to my last class for all I know, and maybe I wouldn't have paid any attention anyways...

But now I feel frustrated. This is rather sad for all of us, professors included. We had plans, visions, and excitement for what was to come and now we are face with uncertainty day by day.

With that being said, I am going to do my best to communicate with you all more actively and emotionally in the fishbowl.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/27/2020 15:57:49
Subject: getting that A (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Here’s what an A looks like. A letter of recommendation like the one below just recently. Yours will be a little different plus it will refer to the Abstract as well. If the Abstract gets accepted, that is testimony in itself. You are the Author of the Abstract. In submitting the Abstract, I am recognizing you for your work and for your skills.

I’d hire an A in a heartbeat.

Sanjiv

HEARTBEAT

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN

I am happy to write this letter of recommendation for XXXX. She successfully completed my course on International Dimensions of Business (BUS 448). 

XX is an excellent student and earned an A in the course through her academic ability, diligence and hard work. She displayed a superior ability to articulate complex concepts and apply them into various contexts, readily and effectively. 

XXXX reached a high level of achievement in constructing ‘meaning’ when communicating across different cultures. She led her group in one project by developing a complex interactive communications system that was extraordinary in its effectiveness, versatility and potential. XX also displayed an innate ability to discern the subtle yet critical cultural elements of the class in various contexts. She listens, with genuine interest, to new ideas and questions. XX’s caring attention was surely the basis for her group’s continuing curiosity and desire to learn.

XXXX is one of the most outstanding students I have had the pleasure of teaching, and I believe strongly that she has the intellect, personality and ambition that will allow her to be successful in pursuits she chooses to undertake. 

Ms. XXXX will be an asset to any educational institution. She is particularly suited to pursue further studies and professional opportunities. I recommend her with great enthusiasm for this opportunity. 

Sanjiv Dugal, Ph.D.

Associate Professor, Management

College of Business

University of Rhode Island

sanjivdugal@uri.edu			Signature:____________________

						Date: March, 2020

IMMERSIVE LEARNING: HEURISTIC DEVICE FOR TRANSMITTING SOCIAL IMAGINARIES

S. Dugal1, N. Colicci1, A. Bikash1, A. Weston1, L. Janz1, N. Katchen1, K. Bugbee1, T. Martinez1, L. Denicola1, L. Cardono1, M. Degnan1, A. Roberti1, O. Palumbo1, K. Solomon1, S. Wordell1, B. Bolofsky1, T. Mulligan1, A. Lopez1, C. Morganelli1, B. Matarese1, K. Jensen1, A. Sullivan1, B. Mulligan1, D. Jones1, N. Amodio1, M. Augustine1, K. Fasano1, R. Forte1, H. Mecca1, V. Volpe1, M. Oppliger1, T. Ritacco1, M. Boelter1, M. Bowman1, C. Chen1, M. Pelisson1, B. Nong1, S. Costello1, P. Costanzo1, Z. Buckley1, K. Naranjo1, E. Lis1, D. Ayrassian1, J. Milder1, Y. Aloshban1, J. Repoza1, M. Fuhrman1, R. Kattan1, C. Hladick1, D. Brysch1, S. Vicedomine1, M. Volpe1, M. Troiano2, R. Singh3, S. Singh4

1 University of Rhode Island (UNITED STATES)

2 Clearheads Films (UNITED STATES)

3 RL Studio (INDIA)

4 Savvy Matters (UNITED STATES)

sanjivdugal@uri.edu, ncolicci@my.uri.edu, andrew_bikash@my.uri.edu, aydan_weston @my.uri.edu, lea_janz@my.uri.edu, natalie_katchen@my.uri.edu, kevin_bugbee@my.uri.edu, tiana_martinez@my.uri.edu, lea_denicola@my.uri.edu, lauren_cardono@my.uri.edu, michael_degnan@my.uri.edu, alexroberti@my.uri.edu, olivia_palumbo@my.uri.edu, kyra_solomon@my.uri.edu, samwordell@my.uri.edu, brooke_bolofsky@my.uri.edu, pmulligan@my.uri.edu, amiel_lopez@my.uri.edu, cmorganelli@my.uri.edu, bimmer105@my.uri.edu, kayla_jensen@my.uri.edu, andrea_sullivan@my.uri.edu, brady_mulligan@my.uri.edu, dawson_jones@my.uri.edu, nicholas_amodio@my.uri.edu, matt_augustine@my.uri.edu, kyra_fasano@my.uri.edu, raisaforte@my.uri.edu, hamzamecca16@my.uri.edu, vincent_volpe@my.uri.edu, moppliger@my.uri.edu, thomasritacco@my.uri.edu, matthew_boelter@my.uri.edu, madison_bowman@my.uri.edu, cchiehyu_0915@my.uri.edu, mpelisson@my.uri.edu, branden_nong@my.uri.edu, shancostello3@my.uri.edu, paige_constanzo@my.uri.edu, zachary_buckley@my.uri.edu, kylenaranjo@my.uri.edu, eli_lis@my.uri.edu, david_ayrassian@my.uri.edu, juell_milder@my.uri.edu, yasir_aloshban@my.uri.edu, jacob_repoza@my.uri.edu, mfuhrman@my.uri.edu, ramakattan@my.uri.edu, chladick@my.uri.edu, dominik_brysch@my.uri.edu, svicedomine@my.uri.edu, mary_volpe@my.uri.edu, michael.troiano1@verizon.net, rahoulsingh@gmail.com, shivsingh@gmail.com

Introduction:

We present a heuristic device for ‘reading’ and ‘writing’ in the context of online sharing. Our paper presents a new kind of sharing between reader/writer or author/viewer that transmits a social imaginary and puts into play active humanistic participation. We are 120 participants (students at the University of Rhode Island) presenting the ‘way’ in which we made possible the formulation of our text and its subsequent transformation into knowledge. In other words, we’re presenting the ‘manner’ in which we produced categories and concepts for ordering, organizing, and transmitting knowledge among ourselves. In so doing, we realized the more we “immersed” ourselves in something, the more we “connected” to universal principles and processes. The deeper we went, the farther we could see all around. In our simulated world, The Fishbowl, looking carefully at anything informed looking at everything, creating a surrounding sensory feeling of immersion and humanistic participation.

Our purpose is twofold. To present the ‘way’ we deployed attention to text and, the ‘way’ in we formed ourselves into a cohesive group. There is large variation in attentional practices among us, ranging from rigid to flexible. Our overarching purpose as a group was to manage new digital spaces and produce valuable knowledge for the participants.

Our paper presents a process and practice for socially constructing reality by using a reflexive methodology. Over a period of 12 weeks we combined real and virtual environments and human-machine interactions to create an experiential learning. Operating in groups of three, every participant in The Fishbowl is visible upon entry. We were looking at ourselves, looking at ourselves.As participant-observers, we interacted by projecting symbolic word-structures; creating abstractions through dialogism and reflexive practices.

Method:

We collapsed the differences between readers and writers by providing continuous edits and modifications, becoming ‘embedded’ in each other’s text. Our paper offers a more controlled format for producing an equivalent to Wikipedia.

Multiple and deliberative authorship calls for an equivalent form of reading, one that is not a re-reading but instead, a reading ‘anew’ each time. As Readers creating their own meaning, we were adding our own authoring to the text. In this way, we became a living “real time” process of simultaneous reading and writing, producing, evolving and having diverse patterns of meaning.

By shifting attention to focusing on the meaning of words, we constructed a knowing and a feeling among ourselves which helped connect in personally significant ways. Simply, we set up a heuristic for ‘deconstructing’ word-structures and, we extended our reality of the deconstructed text by infusing individual felt-experiences.

Outcome:

Our heuristic device helped us imagine, create and deliver innovative experiences. It enabled immersive learning, reduced time spent, while increasing engagement and ability to mirror real-life situations. By following the practice of carefully looking at every word, our “writing” became a process of self-interrogation motivated by a concern for the group.

So what:

Immersive learning is still emerging as a practice in the workforce, but it’s clear that given the broad range of employee-training services, understanding concepts of ‘augmented reality’ and ‘extended reality’ technology will be critical to the enterprise of the future.

Keywords: VIRTUAL COMMUNITY, IMMERSION LEARNING, HUMANISTIC PARTICIPATION

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/27/2020 15:57:04
Subject: getting that A (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Here’s what an A looks like. A letter of recommendation like the one below just recently. Yours will be a little different plus it will refer to the Abstract as well. If the Abstract gets accepted, that is testimony in itself. You are the Author of the Abstract. In submitting the Abstract, I am recognizing you for your work and for your skills.

I’d hire an A in a heartbeat.

Sanjiv

HEARTBEAT

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN

I am happy to write this letter of recommendation for XXXX. She successfully completed my course on International Dimensions of Business (BUS 448). 

XX is an excellent student and earned an A in the course through her academic ability, diligence and hard work. She displayed a superior ability to articulate complex concepts and apply them into various contexts, readily and effectively. 

XXXX reached a high level of achievement in constructing ‘meaning’ when communicating across different cultures. She led her group in one project by developing a complex interactive communications system that was extraordinary in its effectiveness, versatility and potential. XX also displayed an innate ability to discern the subtle yet critical cultural elements of the class in various contexts. She listens, with genuine interest, to new ideas and questions. XX’s caring attention was surely the basis for her group’s continuing curiosity and desire to learn.

XXXX is one of the most outstanding students I have had the pleasure of teaching, and I believe strongly that she has the intellect, personality and ambition that will allow her to be successful in pursuits she chooses to undertake. 

Ms. XXXX will be an asset to any educational institution. She is particularly suited to pursue further studies and professional opportunities. I recommend her with great enthusiasm for this opportunity. 

Sanjiv Dugal, Ph.D.

Associate Professor, Management

College of Business

University of Rhode Island

sanjivdugal@uri.edu			Signature:____________________

						Date: March, 2020

IMMERSIVE LEARNING: HEURISTIC DEVICE FOR TRANSMITTING SOCIAL IMAGINARIES

S. Dugal1, N. Colicci1, A. Bikash1, A. Weston1, L. Janz1, N. Katchen1, K. Bugbee1, T. Martinez1, L. Denicola1, L. Cardono1, M. Degnan1, A. Roberti1, O. Palumbo1, K. Solomon1, S. Wordell1, B. Bolofsky1, T. Mulligan1, A. Lopez1, C. Morganelli1, B. Matarese1, K. Jensen1, A. Sullivan1, B. Mulligan1, D. Jones1, N. Amodio1, M. Augustine1, K. Fasano1, R. Forte1, H. Mecca1, V. Volpe1, M. Oppliger1, T. Ritacco1, M. Boelter1, M. Bowman1, C. Chen1, M. Pelisson1, B. Nong1, S. Costello1, P. Costanzo1, Z. Buckley1, K. Naranjo1, E. Lis1, D. Ayrassian1, J. Milder1, Y. Aloshban1, J. Repoza1, M. Fuhrman1, R. Kattan1, C. Hladick1, D. Brysch1, S. Vicedomine1, M. Volpe1, M. Troiano2, R. Singh3, S. Singh4

1 University of Rhode Island (UNITED STATES)

2 Clearheads Films (UNITED STATES)

3 RL Studio (INDIA)

4 Savvy Matters (UNITED STATES)

sanjivdugal@uri.edu, ncolicci@my.uri.edu, andrew_bikash@my.uri.edu, aydan_weston @my.uri.edu, lea_janz@my.uri.edu, natalie_katchen@my.uri.edu, kevin_bugbee@my.uri.edu, tiana_martinez@my.uri.edu, lea_denicola@my.uri.edu, lauren_cardono@my.uri.edu, michael_degnan@my.uri.edu, alexroberti@my.uri.edu, olivia_palumbo@my.uri.edu, kyra_solomon@my.uri.edu, samwordell@my.uri.edu, brooke_bolofsky@my.uri.edu, pmulligan@my.uri.edu, amiel_lopez@my.uri.edu, cmorganelli@my.uri.edu, bimmer105@my.uri.edu, kayla_jensen@my.uri.edu, andrea_sullivan@my.uri.edu, brady_mulligan@my.uri.edu, dawson_jones@my.uri.edu, nicholas_amodio@my.uri.edu, matt_augustine@my.uri.edu, kyra_fasano@my.uri.edu, raisaforte@my.uri.edu, hamzamecca16@my.uri.edu, vincent_volpe@my.uri.edu, moppliger@my.uri.edu, thomasritacco@my.uri.edu, matthew_boelter@my.uri.edu, madison_bowman@my.uri.edu, cchiehyu_0915@my.uri.edu, mpelisson@my.uri.edu, branden_nong@my.uri.edu, shancostello3@my.uri.edu, paige_constanzo@my.uri.edu, zachary_buckley@my.uri.edu, kylenaranjo@my.uri.edu, eli_lis@my.uri.edu, david_ayrassian@my.uri.edu, juell_milder@my.uri.edu, yasir_aloshban@my.uri.edu, jacob_repoza@my.uri.edu, mfuhrman@my.uri.edu, ramakattan@my.uri.edu, chladick@my.uri.edu, dominik_brysch@my.uri.edu, svicedomine@my.uri.edu, mary_volpe@my.uri.edu, michael.troiano1@verizon.net, rahoulsingh@gmail.com, shivsingh@gmail.com

Introduction:

We present a heuristic device for ‘reading’ and ‘writing’ in the context of online sharing. Our paper presents a new kind of sharing between reader/writer or author/viewer that transmits a social imaginary and puts into play active humanistic participation. We are 120 participants (students at the University of Rhode Island) presenting the ‘way’ in which we made possible the formulation of our text and its subsequent transformation into knowledge. In other words, we’re presenting the ‘manner’ in which we produced categories and concepts for ordering, organizing, and transmitting knowledge among ourselves. In so doing, we realized the more we “immersed” ourselves in something, the more we “connected” to universal principles and processes. The deeper we went, the farther we could see all around. In our simulated world, The Fishbowl, looking carefully at anything informed looking at everything, creating a surrounding sensory feeling of immersion and humanistic participation.

Our purpose is twofold. To present the ‘way’ we deployed attention to text and, the ‘way’ in we formed ourselves into a cohesive group. There is large variation in attentional practices among us, ranging from rigid to flexible. Our overarching purpose as a group was to manage new digital spaces and produce valuable knowledge for the participants.

Our paper presents a process and practice for socially constructing reality by using a reflexive methodology. Over a period of 12 weeks we combined real and virtual environments and human-machine interactions to create an experiential learning. Operating in groups of three, every participant in The Fishbowl is visible upon entry. We were looking at ourselves, looking at ourselves.As participant-observers, we interacted by projecting symbolic word-structures; creating abstractions through dialogism and reflexive practices.

Method:

We collapsed the differences between readers and writers by providing continuous edits and modifications, becoming ‘embedded’ in each other’s text. Our paper offers a more controlled format for producing an equivalent to Wikipedia.

Multiple and deliberative authorship calls for an equivalent form of reading, one that is not a re-reading but instead, a reading ‘anew’ each time. As Readers creating their own meaning, we were adding our own authoring to the text. In this way, we became a living “real time” process of simultaneous reading and writing, producing, evolving and having diverse patterns of meaning.

By shifting attention to focusing on the meaning of words, we constructed a knowing and a feeling among ourselves which helped connect in personally significant ways. Simply, we set up a heuristic for ‘deconstructing’ word-structures and, we extended our reality of the deconstructed text by infusing individual felt-experiences.

Outcome:

Our heuristic device helped us imagine, create and deliver innovative experiences. It enabled immersive learning, reduced time spent, while increasing engagement and ability to mirror real-life situations. By following the practice of carefully looking at every word, our “writing” became a process of self-interrogation motivated by a concern for the group.

So what:

Immersive learning is still emerging as a practice in the workforce, but it’s clear that given the broad range of employee-training services, understanding concepts of ‘augmented reality’ and ‘extended reality’ technology will be critical to the enterprise of the future.

Keywords: VIRTUAL COMMUNITY, IMMERSION LEARNING, HUMANISTIC PARTICIPATION

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/27/2020 0:12:20
Subject: anxiety regarding grades (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I sense an anxiety regarding grades and grading.. 

There will be three categories: A, A-,B+

The number of posts plus quality of posts will together determine your category.

Your assignments are designed for you to work together, generate text and create a knowing which is expressed in the final.

A fourth box which is a straight B is always possible. 

Basically looking for evidence that you know what you’re posting about.

You’e competing with each other and, your number of posts and knowledge content are visible to everyone. 

That is the advantage of being online. It is a digital world and a visual culture, where we can be seen and even our silence is visible. 

You will be giving the grade to yourself. You are stepping into the box meant for you, because we can see each other.

We are Eyes looking at Eyes.

If you give the grade to yourselves, then what am I evaluating is the question.

The Abstraction with your Authorship, written particularly for those who get an A with a testimonial from me. 

There’s no fudging when it comes to the A. It must be earned and revered.

NIck Colicci’s reflection below looks like an A to me. Wouldn’t you agree? It is fascinating in its complexity and earnestness.

For your Text to be owned by you, it has to be worked upon. It is tough business in a tough economy. Fifteen minutes a day, keeping the thread is all that is required.

A lot of staring at blank screens and pages. We are soldiers going forth into the unknown. Same as the present crisis.

Sanjiv

EARN, REVERE, TESTIMONIAL

from the fishbowl...

nickcolicci

Posts: 369

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Email Reflection

Thu Mar 26, 2020 3:43 pm

I have wondered often how I am doing in this course and if I am going to get an A. I think I am doing quality work and abiding by the necessary guidelines to achieve an A. However, it is important not to get caught up in the letter grade that I will receive. It is most important that I focus on learning and improving my intellectual capabilities. I look at this way: when I interview for law school or a job, will explaining how I got an A get me in with scholarship? Or, am I more likely to impress someone by explaining the steps and processes I took to improve my learning and expand my mind? I figure the second one is the better option. This is not to say an A will not help, I just believe having depth and meaning is more impressive and better suited for leaving a mark on a university.

I am trying to tell my story in a simple way that allows my peers to understand me and reach me. I am trying to understand each letter, vocab word, or Google search in terms of how it applies to my life. How have I been conditioned? What has made me who I am? What can I do to better myself? These are all ideas I keep in mind when I dedicate time and effort to the fishbowl. It is important to keep a mission or goal in mind when pursuing a task or an accomplishment. It tends to keep me honest and on track. I post as often as I can because I want to stand out as a student and a person. It is my competitive attitude that is driving me to work this way. I am enjoying the process and I am enjoying the potential benefits it will yield in the future. I will not give up until I earn an A and the letter of recommendation that will place me above those I am competing with.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/27/2020 0:11:34
Subject: anxiety regarding grades (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I sense an anxiety regarding grades and grading.. 

There will be three categories: A, A-,B+

The number of posts plus quality of posts will together determine your category.

Your assignments are designed for you to work together, generate text and create a knowing which is expressed in the final.

A fourth box which is a straight B is always possible. 

Basically looking for evidence that you know what you’re posting about.

You’e competing with each other and, your number of posts and knowledge content are visible to everyone. 

That is the advantage of being online. It is a digital world and a visual culture, where we can be seen and even our silence is visible. 

You will be giving the grade to yourself. You are stepping into the box meant for you, because we can see each other.

We are Eyes looking at Eyes.

If you give the grade to yourselves, then what am I evaluating is the question.

The Abstraction with your Authorship, written particularly for those who get an A with a testimonial from me. 

There’s no fudging when it comes to the A. It must be earned and revered.

NIck Colicci’s reflection below looks like an A to me. Wouldn’t you agree? It is fascinating in its complexity and earnestness.

For your Text to be owned by you, it has to be worked upon. It is tough business in a tough economy. Fifteen minutes a day, keeping the thread is all that is required.

A lot of staring at blank screens and pages. We are soldiers going forth into the unknown. Same as the present crisis.

Sanjiv

EARN, REVERE, TESTIMONIAL

from the fishbowl...

nickcolicci

Posts: 369

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Email Reflection

Thu Mar 26, 2020 3:43 pm

I have wondered often how I am doing in this course and if I am going to get an A. I think I am doing quality work and abiding by the necessary guidelines to achieve an A. However, it is important not to get caught up in the letter grade that I will receive. It is most important that I focus on learning and improving my intellectual capabilities. I look at this way: when I interview for law school or a job, will explaining how I got an A get me in with scholarship? Or, am I more likely to impress someone by explaining the steps and processes I took to improve my learning and expand my mind? I figure the second one is the better option. This is not to say an A will not help, I just believe having depth and meaning is more impressive and better suited for leaving a mark on a university.

I am trying to tell my story in a simple way that allows my peers to understand me and reach me. I am trying to understand each letter, vocab word, or Google search in terms of how it applies to my life. How have I been conditioned? What has made me who I am? What can I do to better myself? These are all ideas I keep in mind when I dedicate time and effort to the fishbowl. It is important to keep a mission or goal in mind when pursuing a task or an accomplishment. It tends to keep me honest and on track. I post as often as I can because I want to stand out as a student and a person. It is my competitive attitude that is driving me to work this way. I am enjoying the process and I am enjoying the potential benefits it will yield in the future. I will not give up until I earn an A and the letter of recommendation that will place me above those I am competing with.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/26/2020 13:02:46
Subject: Fwd: BUS448
------------------------------------------------------------
Dear Yasir,

Thank you for your email. 

You must listen to me with an open mind. 

What does that mean? 

You must interpret my words from my point of view. 

Deconstruct & Infuse is the mantra for the process we’ve been following in the course. As an example, I’ll SELECT your last three sentences in your email below, and pull out the following phrases for deconstruction:

scholarship can stay; 

know your thoughts; and, 

appropriate approach.

Next, I will go to the dictionary and look up the meaning of the words: scholarship, stay, know, thought, appropriate, approach.

I’ll write the meanings out.

Next, I will substitute my original words, from the words I got from the dictionary, for better understanding as to what I want to convey.

The above part is your abstract expression. Google Abstract Expressionism.

Next, infuse an example of an incident and a felt-experience from your life that represents your abstraction. It has to fit. Content and Form.

If I were to do that, I would 'tell the story' of Professor Linda Smircich who read my four page paper and wrote: “This is not acceptable.” 

In one sentence, my status as a doctoral student was threatened. It took me the entire year to re-write the four pages, because I was unable to listen. And I lost my BFF Carey McDonald because she couldn’t stand my inability any more.

The approach in 448 is non-linear. It is subjective, it is participative-observation, symbolic interaction and social reflexivity. These are methodologies and you are having difficulty in understanding them. Google them and pull out one sentence for each and hang your cap on it (metaphor) for the semester. That should be easy. I am being clear, concise, objective and structured. So Just Do It!

So far we have had a glimpse into four cultures (Japan/Australia; Lola/Charlie Boy). We’ve been watching their intersection from a business point of view (bringing the contract home) and the inevitable problems that arise. We’re gaining skills experientially in our groups in the fishbowl. That is what all the postings you are reading and wondering what is expected from you. You’re learning to generate text, and in plain language it is called sharing stories. You’re learning to share in a meaningful way. Impactful. 

448 went online 21 years ago and so did 443. How come? I read the book! (Same as Hiromitsu in Japanese Story). What the pandemic has changed for us is that you have to watch the movies alone. Class in real time was only for movies.

One could say that you have paid for this course to learn something not to sit around and share stories. Well, we’re trying to understand how Charlie Price’s shoe factory went global. How did he get online? By telling his story. 

At the moment, we are understanding Culture by telling stories (generating text and images) and we are proceeding in a particular way as described above. To get the coveted A and a letter of recommendation, you have to respond to as many letters as the next guy. You can do it, but the question is can you focus. What I mean, can you take a word further and dwell on it? If you can, then you are the teller and I am the told. That’s how you want it to be, if you want the A.

For this week, please see Moonrise Kingdom and Outsourced in that order. Write out the script; the words spoken. Like I have done above. After that, you will deconstruct and infuse, in order to understand culture, first your own, and then the others in your group. We’re trying to understand the word culture and what it means to be American.

You’re looking at each other in your groups. Follow the scent and keep your nose to the ground (metaphors).

Sanjiv

On Mar 26, 2020, at 12:00 AM, Yasir Aloshban <yasir_aloshban@my.uri.edu> wrote:

Dear professor, 

I am writing this to get your opinion on how to work for the class if I am aiming for an A. I personally don't feel too comfortable with online classes, that's why I wanted to ask your opinion on what my direction should be for the class. Like should I watch online videos more or practice more to compensate the class time, or anything else you think might be beneficial. Basically I wanted to know your opinion on what's the best approach for the class now that it is online. 

The class is really important to me because I really need to get an A so that my scholarship can stay for my masters. Please let me know your thoughts! I really want to adapt the most appropriate approach for your class.

 

Sincerely 

-- 

Yasir Aloshban 

100559470

Industrial and System Engineering 

Class of 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/26/2020 2:40:23
Subject: cosmic perspective (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Your felt-experiences are testimony to the assertion that 'information will never replace illumination.' Your felt-experiences awaken our environmental conscience and pioneer a new aesthetic of writing and thinking about the poetic truths radiating from the facts of physical reality. With an eye to the consciousness-reconfiguring cosmic perspective, we find solace by taking a more telescopic view — not merely on the short human timescale of one's own life, but on having lived through a pandemic and having felt-experiences on far vaster scales of space and time. Please see Andrew Bikash’s posting below.

You mirror what is best of humanity back to itself in the middle of a pandemic, at a time when we seemed to have forgotten who we are to each other and what it means to share this fragile, symphonic moment. Amiel Lopez turned 21 the other day as well!

I don’t think it is possible to contribute to the present moment in any meaningful way while being wholly engulfed by it. It is only by stepping out of it, by taking a telescopic perspective, that we can then dip back in and do a felt-experience which our time asks of us. Please see the posting below as an example.

Sanjiv

ILLUMINATION, TELESCOPIC, PERSPECTIVE, COSMIC, CONSCIOUSNESS, RECONFIGURE, AESTHETIC, POETIC, TRUTH

from the fishbowl...

andrewbikash

Posts: 213

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Contact: Contact andrewbikash

Impact: sharing felt-experiences

Wed Mar 25, 2020 7:21 pm

While it is sad that we have to deal with these unfortunate, extraordinary circumstances at such an inconvenient time, it is important to remember that it is just a phase that will be over soon. While our routine has shifted from going to class during the week and going out socially on the weekends, it is vital to not replace that routine with no routine such as doing nothing all day. By looking on the bright side of the situation and embracing the new way of life, we are benefitting ourselves not just now but even for after things are back to normal. The new routine should consist of extensively creating knowledge because isolation provides an environment perfect for developing intellect. This environment provides a level of quiet that we don't get to experience often.

I turned 21 this past Sunday but I was not able to go to a bar or even a restaurant like everyone else does on their 21st birthday because everything is closed. However, I did not let this bring me down because I got to enjoy my birthday in a way that most people don't experience their 21st: simply with immediate family. In fact, I enjoyed the day because it was so simple yet meaningful because I was able to do simple things like walking my dog and eating dinner with family, but with the addition of birthday wishes which honestly made me appreciate the people in my life and not take them for granted. If I were to celebrate my birthday at school, it would have been much different because I probably would have gone out with friends, would have had a much more social experience, and wouldn't have enjoyed the milestone moment of my birthday as much I did. Although I will never be able to experience the 21st birthday like everyone else, very few people will experience a 21st like mine. This is part of my singular story which I embrace and I will continue to make the most out of what I have.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/26/2020 2:39:43
Subject: cosmic perspective (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Your felt-experiences are testimony to the assertion that 'information will never replace illumination.' Your felt-experiences awaken our environmental conscience and pioneer a new aesthetic of writing and thinking about the poetic truths radiating from the facts of physical reality. With an eye to the consciousness-reconfiguring cosmic perspective, we find solace by taking a more telescopic view — not merely on the short human timescale of one's own life, but on having lived through a pandemic and having felt-experiences on far vaster scales of space and time. Please see Andrew Bikash’s posting below.

You mirror what is best of humanity back to itself in the middle of a pandemic, at a time when we seemed to have forgotten who we are to each other and what it means to share this fragile, symphonic moment. Amiel Lopez turned 21 the other day as well!

I don’t think it is possible to contribute to the present moment in any meaningful way while being wholly engulfed by it. It is only by stepping out of it, by taking a telescopic perspective, that we can then dip back in and do a felt-experience which our time asks of us. Please see the posting below as an example.

Sanjiv

ILLUMINATION, TELESCOPIC, PERSPECTIVE, COSMIC, CONSCIOUSNESS, RECONFIGURE, AESTHETIC, POETIC, TRUTH

from the fishbowl...

andrewbikash

Posts: 213

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Contact: Contact andrewbikash

Impact: sharing felt-experiences

Wed Mar 25, 2020 7:21 pm

While it is sad that we have to deal with these unfortunate, extraordinary circumstances at such an inconvenient time, it is important to remember that it is just a phase that will be over soon. While our routine has shifted from going to class during the week and going out socially on the weekends, it is vital to not replace that routine with no routine such as doing nothing all day. By looking on the bright side of the situation and embracing the new way of life, we are benefitting ourselves not just now but even for after things are back to normal. The new routine should consist of extensively creating knowledge because isolation provides an environment perfect for developing intellect. This environment provides a level of quiet that we don't get to experience often.

I turned 21 this past Sunday but I was not able to go to a bar or even a restaurant like everyone else does on their 21st birthday because everything is closed. However, I did not let this bring me down because I got to enjoy my birthday in a way that most people don't experience their 21st: simply with immediate family. In fact, I enjoyed the day because it was so simple yet meaningful because I was able to do simple things like walking my dog and eating dinner with family, but with the addition of birthday wishes which honestly made me appreciate the people in my life and not take them for granted. If I were to celebrate my birthday at school, it would have been much different because I probably would have gone out with friends, would have had a much more social experience, and wouldn't have enjoyed the milestone moment of my birthday as much I did. Although I will never be able to experience the 21st birthday like everyone else, very few people will experience a 21st like mine. This is part of my singular story which I embrace and I will continue to make the most out of what I have.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/25/2020 20:04:14
Subject: impact: sharing felt-experiences (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

We're often told that extraordinary situations require extraordinary responses.

I’ve often wondered about it.

When two people meet, there are four things on the table: you and yours, me and mine. 

When yours is exchanged for mine, it is a transaction. 

When who-I-am impacts who-you-are, it is a relationship.

By sharing felt-experiences, we not only inform but impact each other's lives. Impact cannot be predicted nor measured. It is subjective and felt. Please see Kyra Solomon’s felt-experience in the fishbowl.

Sanjiv

IMPACT, INFORM, EXTRAORDINARY, SITUATION, RESPONSE

from the fishbowl...

kyrasolomon

Posts: 154

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:06 am

Contact: Contact kyrasolomon

Reflection: Creativity Takes Work

 Wed Mar 25, 2020 11:51 am

When was the last time you felt liberated?

Ironically enough, I think it was when I came home for spring break. I was feeling very burned out from school at that point, and I couldn't wait to get home and take a break. Then, I would go back to school and get to enjoy the last stretch of my college career with the friends I loved and the campus I'd come to call home. But that never happened. The next time I got to go back to campus would be to collect my things, standing six feet away from everyone who passed and avoiding getting in the elevator with others. There is no liberation here. There is only grief, loss, fear and frustration. My father lives in New York City, at the country's epicenter of the disease. I don't know how long it's going to be until I can see him again. My mother has an autoimmune disorder and is a chronic smoker. I'm so terrified of anything happening to her. My maternal grandmother is 82 and lives a block away from me, and yet for her own safety I can't see her. My paternal grandparents are in a senior filled community in Florida, a potential tinderbox. If I can just get through this without losing anyone I care about, I promise I'll never take anything for granted again. I miss large, joyful gatherings of people. I miss game nights with friends. I miss hugging people I love. I hate this, and I feel trapped and helpless. There is no liberation here.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/25/2020 20:03:21
Subject: impact: sharing felt-experiences (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

We're often told that extraordinary situations require extraordinary responses.

I’ve often wondered about it.

When two people meet, there are four things on the table: you and yours, me and mine. 

When yours is exchanged for mine, it is a transaction. 

When who-I-am impacts who-you-are, it is a relationship.

By sharing felt-experiences, we not only inform but impact each other's lives. Impact cannot be predicted nor measured. It is subjective and felt. Please see Kyra Solomon’s felt-experience in the fishbowl.

Sanjiv

IMPACT, INFORM, EXTRAORDINARY, SITUATION, RESPONSE

from the fishbowl...

kyrasolomon

Posts: 154

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:06 am

Contact: Contact kyrasolomon

Reflection: Creativity Takes Work

Wed Mar 25, 2020 11:51 am

When was the last time you felt liberated?

Ironically enough, I think it was when I came home for spring break. I was feeling very burned out from school at that point, and I couldn't wait to get home and take a break. Then, I would go back to school and get to enjoy the last stretch of my college career with the friends I loved and the campus I'd come to call home. But that never happened. The next time I got to go back to campus would be to collect my things, standing six feet away from everyone who passed and avoiding getting in the elevator with others. There is no liberation here. There is only grief, loss, fear and frustration. My father lives in New York City, at the country's epicenter of the disease. I don't know how long it's going to be until I can see him again. My mother has an autoimmune disorder and is a chronic smoker. I'm so terrified of anything happening to her. My maternal grandmother is 82 and lives a block away from me, and yet for her own safety I can't see her. My paternal grandparents are in a senior filled community in Florida, a potential tinderbox. If I can just get through this without losing anyone I care about, I promise I'll never take anything for granted again. I miss large, joyful gatherings of people. I miss game nights with friends. I miss hugging people I love. I hate this, and I feel trapped and helpless. There is no liberation here.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/25/2020 14:37:35
Subject: creativity takes work (443)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are safe. It is a time of rest, a slowing down, and getting closer to one’s body and not so removed from it. Looking at the notion of mind-body connection and asking, what do we mean by that?

Well, to answer such questions, or any questions we choose to frame, you must first remind yourselves, touch base (metaphor), as a ritual and practice, as to what you are doing together in a fishbowl. 

You are creating a design that ‘represents' your fishbowl. You are critical thinkers and you have an audience who is looking at your creativity in the fishbowl. 

What is creativity?

Creativity is the ability to cast a situation or challenge or problem in a new light and thereby open up possibilities in it that were not evident before. It is precisely what you are doing in your fishbowls. Please fact check your projects. You should be on your second one by now.

Creative people are critical: they don’t stop with the “given” and the (supposedly) “obvious.” They are imaginative: they make a habit of thinking in more open and supple ways, keeping their minds two steps ahead of things as they are. They are inventive: they consciously seek to devise new things and new ways of thinking.

And creative people are disciplined and persistent. Creativity can require a certain kind of playfulness, but it does not mean just letting go. Creativity takes work. Please see Lea Janz’s posting in her fishbowl.

The two paragraphs below are an example from my creativity and criticality regarding producing value for your fishbowl. It has to be of worth to myself in the first place...

a. When was the last time you felt liberated? How does one go about answering such a question. The feeling of Liberation must connect both my mental/physical state (dichotomy). Feeling good is simultaneously, mental and physical. Every time I feel good, I feel liberated. That’s a structure of words right there. Every time I feel good, I feel liberated. You breathe life into the structure by infusing a felt-experience. You empower your text in that way. Not doing so is the main shortcoming and struggle for each of us.

Here’s more for a felt-experience: every time I connect mind/body I feel liberated. 

b. Dichotomies: Mental/Physical; Objective/Subjective; Material/Abstract; Universal/Particular; Theory/Practicum...and whatever dichotomies you are creating in your projects. I always look forward to seeing what you got. What are you presenting; how are you thinking; what are showing and saying and telling and representing? It doesn’t have to be black/white. Your singularity rests on your choice of dichotomy (word-images). Be wild and brazen, you have nothing to lose but over-represented structures.

Bottom line: work your project(s). It is human, it is universal, it is particular, it is general, it is focused, it is flexible, it is forever ongoing...

Sanjiv

LIBERATE, MIND, BODY, DICHOTOMY, REPRESENTATION, SINGULAR 

from the fishbowl...

leajanz

Posts: 131

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:04 am

Contact: Contact leajanz

Re: Reflections-Lea Janz

 Mon Mar 23, 2020 6:35 pm

'om' is known as the most sacred mantra in Hinduism or Buddhism. It is a combination of Atman (soul) and Brahman (reality, truth). In our fishbowl, we are extracting words from text, from reality, and infusing our soul. We are practicing this idea on a daily basis whether we know it or not. As a result, we feel more at peace with ourselves.

Speculative Realism by Graham Harman

speculative-based on theory rather than knowledge

realism-based on facts, acceptance of reality

We should start to see our thoughts as tangible products. Thoughts contain components of our feelings and our reality.

As I have noticed recently, we avoid talking about our feelings because it makes us seem vulnerable, but the best way to connect to people and to reach inner peace is to be comfortable with being uncomfortable. This means talk about your childhood, your heartbreaks, your sadness, and your happiest memories.

Looking at Indra's net: holographs, every point contains a bit from all other points. It is a metaphor for reality. We are all unique jewels in the net that reflect off one another, no two are the same, but no two are entirely different. I suppose this is an example of not knowing what people are going through, so treat them with kindness. To add, treating people with kindness does have an impact as we all are reflecting from one another. In a way, I feel that I am learning how to freely rotate myself to experience alternative realities, shine on each other, and grow from reflections.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/24/2020 22:14:21
Subject: connecting across systems (448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I’m forever wondering whether I'm writing too many or too few letters.

 

Your fishbowls are theatre (metaphor). You can choose your own metaphor. Your fishbowl is on a stage and the play is between the three of you. Each actor is writing their own script. It is a space for performance. You’re giving monologues as in theatre and acknowledging the Other’s presence. It is a literary device. You are trying to create value in visual space. It is about your audience and not market share, as Charlie Price discovered. If you remember, Charlie and Lola spoke in abstractions and monologues out in space, but to each other, nonetheless. Think about this some.

It’s just a metaphor. We lead symbolic lives. I don’t want you to be anxious but joyful. Let your fishbowl be a playpen.

You are creating value by connecting across your symbolic systems in your fishbowls. Symbolic systems can’t be seen but they manifest as text.

Connecting across? Symbolic systems? Cultural? Can’t be seen?

How so? Please be specific, clear, and give steps.

Well, here it is the steps: In the next week please stream the following two films:

1. "Moonrise Kingdom," by Wes Anderson. Please google him. My favorite director. Wes Anderson shows us fundamental American values and he is good at it. 

In the film you see American values as a symbolic system. 

First step: Your assignment is to be an observer and copy the words spoken by the protagonists, Sam, Suzy and the others in the film. Every phrase spoken is a manifestation of an unseen symbolic system. 

Second step: And then, to cross check with your own experience as an American or as an outsider.

2. “Outsourced," with Josh Hamilton and Ayesha Dharker. Todd Anderson from an American symbolic system parachutes into another symbolic system: India. How does he survive?

Next, I am working on an assignment from Hofstede in Ch. 2. I’m going to lead you into his research. We have yet to get to the bottom of all this: value systems and belief systems and symbolic systems. How do we decipher them? Are they quantifiable and measurable? 

The films will serve as a backdrop. So you will have got several world-views and symbolic systems going on. There was Japanese Story and Kinky Boots was not completed in one section, so please stream it. I believe these films are mainstream and easily available. They might cost you something. We’re trying to understand concepts and theories underlying cross-cultural situations and, at the same time, how to make money and succeed. Please be sure to keep this in mind. How do we create value in cross-cultural situations? How did Charlie and Lola, and Sandy and Hiro do it? What does it take? How do I go from being a small-town operation to being global.?

We’ll be grappling with such issues. Your assignments will be part of it. Hofstede’s dimensions is something we are getting into the next few days.

Please see Nick Colicci’s posting below. His text is a manifestation of his symbolic system; his value and belief system. Sharing thoughts is an act of courage and a sign of leadership. The fishbowl has several leaders and we would not be the same without them; we’re forever grateful.

Immerse into it. It’s all in your head. You are learning by osmosis and doing your vocabulary is the key. Don’t rush it when you do it. Enjoy the films. If you are not enjoying your learning, then we have to re-group. Pursue words and thoughts and images. Capture them. Make text.

Sanjiv

MONOLOGUES THEATRE (wiki)

from the fishbowl...

nickcolicci

Posts: 356

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Staying Tuned

 Tue Mar 24, 2020 3:10 pm

There was a lot of information to unpack in this letter. My mind was going all over the place and I was not sure really what to focus on as I evaluated the content and details Sanjiv included in each line. I started with the opening paragraph and evaluate the concept of not thinking at all. Do not overthink. This is certainly something I wish I had embraced growing up and as I transitioned into college. Not overthinking would have helped me to limit anxiety or any fears I had for the future or the unknown. I think it is something we all could work on and take the time to reflect upon. While that runs contrary to my previous sentences, we need to think a little before we do not think at all. However, in a time of the coronavirus, we could all benefit from letting our instincts go and instead take a step back to relax and prevent the spread of a virus.

My background undoubtedly is a narrative that influences the story I am writing on a day to day basis. The notion of service is the foundation of my life and the career I am trying to pursue. It motivates me to work hard and overcome any challenges that may be viewed as a roadblock or an impediment to my progress. This is what I have in mind as I write in the fishbowl; my work should be reflective of something larger than myself and instead focused on how my efforts can contribute to the well-being and growth of others. I do not want to waste my life and intelligence on the money I have the potential to make. My story needs to be larger and more impactful.

The difference between us as people is what perpetuates progress and development. Similar to 443 and 448, I view social change in the 1960s as reflective of deconstruction and infusing. Figures such as Martin Luther King Jr. and John Lewis stood for equal rights because they deconstructed and infused the challenges they faced into real-world movements. It was monumental and it caught the attention of those in power and spurred change. The differences between those in society and those who were not afraid to speak their mind led to an essential change in society, albeit hundreds of years too late. We must continue to read the posts of others to ensure we are not overlooking imperative ideas that can benefit the community. I fully believe we are powerful and have the potential to spur change in the community.

The rest of the letter was somewhat overwhelming and full of content I have been thinking about so far this semester. However, I pulled the importance of having an audience, working every day, considering the needs of others, and speaking to my story/culture. The amount of work to complete by the end of the semester is a lot and it is not allowing me to relax or take a load off. However, I will keep pushing to ensure I do not fall stagnant in this time of challenge. I will continue to post in the Fishbowl, research for my other classes, and study for the LSAT. I will work with the audience I have an ensure I follow the story of my life. I will continue to listen to others and recognize the needs/desires of them to ensure people do not fall behind. I am excited for the next chapter and what is next on my journey.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/24/2020 14:17:19
Subject: staying tuned (448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I think about 443 and 448 most of the time, or I don’t think at all. It doesn’t mean I am not informed about external news. 

It is the “don’t think at all” part that I must extend. I realize this thanks to the coronavirus. 

I got something out of it! I guess it is what yoga must be like, but I’m no advocate. It’s why we admire sportspeople, artists and performers. 

My upbringing was British-Colonial and my philosophical influence was Sikhism and Indian upper-class. It is a whole other story. Far removed from my American story. 

It is always about our stories, and we develop their text and images as we write to each other. It is helpful to have a face or two in mind. 

It’s all in the mind, fleeting and ephemeral (short-lived) images and the act of visualizing text, i.e., imaging words. This requires focus. 

Our task, our labor is to capture images and take words further. 

For instance, what is my image of the word Mother? What is yours? That is the Difference between us. And so it goes.

Indians will always bring up The Mother. How many children do you have is the first question they will ask. The cow is a national cultural symbol because she nourishes the world with milk.

 

Difference is what you’re doing in your fishbowls. This is basic to both 443 and 448. 

Once you take difference into account, then it is a matter of repeating the process of evoking ever more differences. 

So most of you (some more than others) have got the algorithm down: deconstruct and infuse. That’s what we’re calling it this time.

 

This is how I understand and interpret Deleuze’s work on “Difference and Repetition”. Heavy stuff. Please google. You have to keep returning to its text until you get the hang of it. Please see https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AUQTYlCTfek

Writing as a daily practice in order to communicate, to tell where your mind is at, is essential to being a leader. We need expressive and convincing leaders who work the text. Transparent and Authentic performance. I am talking about businesses of every size and composition. It is a level playing field (please google Thomas Friedman). To survive, you need an Audience. Without an audience is like winking in the dark. We seek viewers and not customers. We work for an audience now, not market share or market niche. This is clearly depicted in the story of KInky Boots, and was the talisman for Charlie Price’s Shoe Factory. You have to hand him that, whether you like him or not. (I think Lola had complete disdain for him, and she took pity on the poor sod). I’m just a Charlie Boy moved from being a small town business, enamored by a money-minded real estate agent, to becoming a global phenomenon. And Charlie Boy took everybody with him. 

How did Charlie Price do it? Can you do it? How would you start? Something to think about.

The text you generate will SPEAK to your fishbowl’s culture. I am aware that you are uncomfortable with this learning approach. Every one is. 

"No more map” is a refrain between us and Sandy and Hiromitsu. There is an intersubjectivity and intertextuality developing among us.

You are learning to be technologically savvy: being conceptual and abstract in a symbolic world of simulation.

Friendship knows no map, except the one you create in the moment. We learnt that from Sandy and HIromitsu. They had to drop their national cultural structures (geisha girl and big bums) and start from ground zero. That is your starting point. That is the purpose of the friendship exercise. There are students from the previous semester who have done the exercise and they can describe their outcomes. There has to be transparency and authenticity. These are the keys to understanding culture. It is why Art is so important. Art is an authentic feeling expressed in a particular medium.

In 448, you are exploring the differences in thinking and social action that exists between the three of you. You are assuming, like Hofstede, p.27, that people carry “mental programs” (word-structures) which are developed in childhood and reinforced in schools and organizations and, our mental programs contain a component of national culture. That is, we interpret the same word-image differently and this difference is on account of our national heritage.

Please be cognizant of this.

More to come so stay tuned. I need to give you some writing assignments and ask you to watch a couple of movies. These are important to study because otherwise, you wont see the significance of the theory behind your actions when deconstructing and infusing. The course is built for the three of you. It is a thinking, texting and imaging course. It is learning to communicate with three people from your workplace. You are engaged with each other in generating text among yourselves and for your benefit. At the end of the semester, after you are said and done, show the copy to your employer and ask for a raise, or else! 

You are selecting, substituting, editing, copying, changing, replacing, adjusting, adapting, all in the moment. Focused and Flexible. 

Whenever you pick-up and take advantage of what I try and get across, your response in your fishbowl is pretty fantastic. Learning is an act of courage. It is literally stepping into the unknown. We are all experiencing this in the digital world.

“In every repetition some thing different occurs” (Deleuze) Please see Joseph Penhallow’s posting below.

Sanjiv

DIFFERENCE, REPETITION, INTERSUBJECTIVE, INTERTEXTUAL, HERITAGE

from the fishbowl...

josephpenhallow

Posts: 45

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 8:24 am

Contact: Contact josephpenhallow

March's Letter Interpretations

Mon Mar 23, 2020 4:17 pm

Sangiv's letter interpretations for March.

josephpenhallow

Posts: 45

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 8:24 am

Contact: Contact josephpenhallow

Re: March's Letter Interpretations

 Mon Mar 23, 2020 4:27 pm

Inter- (443) copy for 448

"Make your stories (memories) accessible, however mundane and banal they might appear to you."

This line stuck out to me because it serves as a reminder to share what comes to your mind. Sangiv is letting us know that if one of his letters reminds us of something we should speak out regardless of the situation's magnitude.

josephpenhallow

Posts: 45

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 8:24 am

Contact: Contact josephpenhallow

Re: March's Letter Interpretations

 Tue Mar 24, 2020 10:04 am

Connecting across cultures whenever we allow ourselves -

"Attitude is everything. And it is the only thing entirely in your control."

Your attitude dictates your work ethic, productivity, relationships, and success because attitude is your worldview. I think this also stems to the concept of accountability. You are accountable for your attitude because at the end of the day you are the only one with a say in it.

josephpenhallow

Posts: 45

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 8:24 am

Contact: Contact josephpenhallow

Re: March's Letter Interpretations

 Tue Mar 24, 2020 10:07 am

Group Dynamics -

"You have to get the process down"

The process Sangiv is referring to is listening in class (not anymore), taking notes, reflecting on your notes, learning and posting your vocabulary, reading and processing Sangiv's letters, posting your reflection, interacting with one another.

Top

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/15/2020 20:09:15
Subject: the rise of the digital (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Your fishbowl has a "digital culture which is made up of communication and information exchange modes (emails and postings) that displace, redefine, and reshape knowledge into new forms, formats, and the methods for acquiring and transmitting such knowledge.” Please google “Digital Cultures” by Milad Doueihi.

Please pause and be sure you understand this abstract definition of your fishbowl’s culture.

This definition is useful because it allows us to perceive directly something we experience implicitly all the time. I am talking about what you feel and what you see and what you do. You are who you say you are.

I believe the relationship between the writer and the reader has changed. Please see Amiel’s posting below. We write now for posting and projecting our thoughts onto our universe for whomsoever picks up the signals (like this response to my universe) and in this way, whole ecologies emerge, come into existence and disappear.

Watch the film "Completely Unknown" with Rachel Weisz and Michael Shannon. The caption reads, “You are who you say you are.” 

Sanjiv

PROJECT, UNIVERSE, SIGNAL, EMERGE, ECOLOGY, DISAPPEAR

from the fishbowl...

Amiel

Posts: 115

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

CONNECTIVITY

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by Amiel » Sun Mar 15, 2020 3:50 am

#49

Why do we emphasize the 'generation of complex relation' over 'stability of objects'? We stress the 'generation of complex relation' to develop connectivity and to embrace it. The 'generation of complex relation' is what I see as the "production of complicated concepts" and the 'stability of objects' is what I've come to understand as the "firmly established feelings". These come hand and hand in our journey to address the how, what, and why. But one takes precedent over the other. The generation is our movement of critical and creative making. Movement before establishment must be at the fore. The interactivity that we so radically shift to requires movement. The transition of movement, perception, and sensation is combined with connectivity. But the connectivity does require the establishment of feelings, it's an adjustment that is impacted by situational circumstances. External shocks in the global economy such as the current Pandemic situates itself as a turning point for the case in establishing online connectivity. With employers seeking to utilize remote work to mitigate loss and risk it's a solution that may suit the situation but may test a level of effectiveness. Business Continuity does not require a common meeting place but in reality a common understanding. As the more we practice remote work the better we get at implementing a skill that we will need to constantly improve. It is innovation at its core. The underlying complex relation is this new way of selecting our words when we're not physically present. We need to be able to communicate effectively with out speaking or physically seeing each other. Mistakes in communication are made too frequently in today's messaging formalities. Being able to build understanding amongst our different choice of words is invaluable. In times where we might not understand, it is upon us to ask the necessary questions and uncover all meanings so we can formulate moving images. An effective leader doesn't need to be seen as it is his words that will be understood by the masses. The connection of our texts is the place where we left off. We are not perfect human beings but this is where we come to improve our skills. The Fishbowl has allowed me to interact more frequently with an area of business communication technology that I didn't initially understand. But now that I receive letters almost daily I'm trying to understand the complex structure that Professor Dugal communicates to us. I want to be able to understand the complex relations that a global workforce encompasses. This is the open mindedness of different meanings and abstract ways of being that we have to accept and navigate. We work differently and we all have differences but finding common ground is what a transformational leader strives to achieve by seeing the reflections and responses among his 'equals'.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/15/2020 20:08:43
Subject: the rise of the digital (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Your fishbowl has a "digital culture which is made up of communication and information exchange modes (emails and postings) that displace, redefine, and reshape knowledge into new forms, formats, and the methods for acquiring and transmitting such knowledge.” Please google “Digital Cultures” by Milad Doueihi.

Please pause and be sure you understand this abstract definition of your fishbowl’s culture.

This definition is useful because it allows us to perceive directly something we experience implicitly all the time. I am talking about what you feel and what you see and what you do. You are who you say you are.

I believe the relationship between the writer and the reader has changed. Please see Amiel’s posting below. We write now for posting and projecting our thoughts onto our universe for whomsoever picks up the signals (like this response to my universe) and in this way, whole ecologies emerge, come into existence and disappear.

Watch the film "Completely Unknown" with Rachel Weisz and Michael Shannon. The caption reads, “You are who you say you are.” 

Sanjiv

PROJECT, UNIVERSE, SIGNAL, EMERGE, ECOLOGY, DISAPPEAR

from the fishbowl...

Amiel

Posts: 115

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

CONNECTIVITY

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by Amiel » Sun Mar 15, 2020 3:50 am

#49

Why do we emphasize the 'generation of complex relation' over 'stability of objects'? We stress the 'generation of complex relation' to develop connectivity and to embrace it. The 'generation of complex relation' is what I see as the "production of complicated concepts" and the 'stability of objects' is what I've come to understand as the "firmly established feelings". These come hand and hand in our journey to address the how, what, and why. But one takes precedent over the other. The generation is our movement of critical and creative making. Movement before establishment must be at the fore. The interactivity that we so radically shift to requires movement. The transition of movement, perception, and sensation is combined with connectivity. But the connectivity does require the establishment of feelings, it's an adjustment that is impacted by situational circumstances. External shocks in the global economy such as the current Pandemic situates itself as a turning point for the case in establishing online connectivity. With employers seeking to utilize remote work to mitigate loss and risk it's a solution that may suit the situation but may test a level of effectiveness. Business Continuity does not require a common meeting place but in reality a common understanding. As the more we practice remote work the better we get at implementing a skill that we will need to constantly improve. It is innovation at its core. The underlying complex relation is this new way of selecting our words when we're not physically present. We need to be able to communicate effectively with out speaking or physically seeing each other. Mistakes in communication are made too frequently in today's messaging formalities. Being able to build understanding amongst our different choice of words is invaluable. In times where we might not understand, it is upon us to ask the necessary questions and uncover all meanings so we can formulate moving images. An effective leader doesn't need to be seen as it is his words that will be understood by the masses. The connection of our texts is the place where we left off. We are not perfect human beings but this is where we come to improve our skills. The Fishbowl has allowed me to interact more frequently with an area of business communication technology that I didn't initially understand. But now that I receive letters almost daily I'm trying to understand the complex structure that Professor Dugal communicates to us. I want to be able to understand the complex relations that a global workforce encompasses. This is the open mindedness of different meanings and abstract ways of being that we have to accept and navigate. We work differently and we all have differences but finding common ground is what a transformational leader strives to achieve by seeing the reflections and responses among his 'equals'.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/14/2020 23:35:18
Subject: connectivity (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

There are several things that have to be addressed among us in the fishbowl. 

First and foremost, I hope you are well and safe, along with those who are connected to you.

We are in this together. 

What does that statement or word-structure or sentence mean for us?

After physical distancing ourselves and repeatedly washing our hands, How do we connect in a meaningful way that is joyful and abundant?

How do we connect?

What do we connect?

Where do we connect?

When we address these questions, 

we radically shift our idea of interactivity 

towards an ecological conception of the term.

That is to say, we emphasize the 'generation of complex relation' over the 'stability of objects'?

Your postings in your fishbowls reveal the creative potential of movement (what word did you select), perception (what word did you see) and sensation (what word did you feel). Our connecting has to do with the art of critical and creative making. Please see Nick Colicci’s posting and the notion of connectivity in this light: movement, perception and sensation.

Sanjiv

ECOLOGY, INTERACTIVITY, CONNECT, GENERATE, COMPLEX, RELATION, STABILITY, OBJECT

from the fishbowl...

nickcolicci

Posts: 286

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

First draft

Fri Mar 13, 2020 11:59 pm

After reading through the first draft of the abstract, I believe Sanjiv's words truly embodied our course and the progress we have made along the way. "Our paper presents a new kind of sharing between author/reader and writer/viewer that transmits a social imaginary and puts into play active humanistic participation. We present a heuristic device for ‘reading’ and ‘writing’ in the context of online sharing that is egalitarian, horizontal and non-hierarchical." This line, in particular, explains the overall structure of the Fishbowl. In addition, I believe it reflects the recent transition I have made to a baseball coach; I am no longer the student of the game, rather an instructor to those looking to get better. I am able to structure an environment to match that of the Fishbowl, one where there are expectations but no strict guidelines or feelings of hierarchy. I want each player to feel they have an equal chance to play and succeed regardless of their personal backgrounds and experiences. I want to foster an environment of humanistic participation and ensure every student is comfortable asking questions when needed.

"By following the practice of carefully looking at every word, our “writing” became a process of self-interrogation and selecting symbols, motivated by a concern with the personal and cultural implications for the group." I believe one of the most important concepts that I pulled from this course was that of self-reflection. I have learned to evaluate my opinions and standing in life as a means to understand where my strengths and weaknesses lie. By understanding my weaknesses, I know how best I can make contributions to my organization and ensure I am being as productive as possible. Understanding my weaknesses allows me to focus on improving the parts of my personality that are not useful. Without this course and the encouragement to reflect on who I am, I would not be able to grow and develop to the extent that I capable of.

Top

nickcolicci

Posts: 286

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Creating meaning and significance

Sat Mar 14, 2020 12:12 am

"When you write from a place of truth (your selection of words)..." In posting in the Fishbowl, I do my best to be genuine and honest with the words and phrases I construct. I learned from a previous relationship what happens if you do not speak from your heart. This relationship was very faulty; there was poor communication and was often very passive-aggressive. Not knowing where we stood ultimately led to the premature demise of what could have been a successful companionship. I try to keep this experience in mind as I post and work in the Fishbowl. I do not want to waste anyone's time or ruin any sort of relationship/ line of communication that has great potential.

In a trying time in our society, in which the community is impacted by a disease that is tracking quickly across the glove, we are left to fend for ourselves. We are also left to rely on those around us for support when we have nowhere else to look or we are not strong enough to rely on ourselves. I took a hiatus from the Fishbowl this week as I traveled to Florida to visit family and was constantly aware of the situation around me. However, I used this trip as an opportunity to help my family members who are not able to do the daily household work themselves. This reminded me of the work we are completing in the Fishbowl. This is not to say that there are members of the Fishbowl who are not able, but the work I complete is intended for others who may be stuck or confused. I believe in being committed to the Fishbowl, we are placing the needs of others first and providing support in times of turmoil and uncertainties.

Top

nickcolicci

Posts: 286

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Re: Letter Interpretation

Sat Mar 14, 2020 12:12 am

When I heard all classes would be online after the extended spring break I was nervous for all but two classes: BUS443 and 448. In these two courses, we have become familiar with online learning and we have embraced the Fishbowl as our primary source of education and development. We were well prepared to move away from our in-class meetings and instead concentrate our focus solely on the Fishbowl. This is a pretty interesting and exciting prospect; more time to take ownership of learning and less time parking, riding the shuttles, and walking to classes. I must also keep in my mind, however, that I do have other classes and work responsibilities to tend too. Life goes on despite the pandemic.

I am fortunate to have my name listed on the abstract and to have had the opportunity to contribute to its development by being active in the Fishbowl. This is a very unique opportunity, one that is not readily available in other courses. Does the time and research I put into the papers for my political science class ever get published simply by my active engagement? No, it does not. That is why I am happy to have been enrolled in this course. I look forward to taking the skills I have learned and developed over this semester into my summer job, fall coursework, and ultimately my future career endeavors. My path and progression are only beginning! I need to capitalize on all the opportunities available to me.

This reminds me of the opportunity I had playing in a baseball tournament in Nashville, Tennessee when I was 15. I initially thought it would be the typical trip for baseball I always went on, but it turned out to be much more. I fell in love with Nashville and realized I wanted to pursue a career there. I met and bonded with incredible people that I most likely never would have had the opportunity to interact with. It taught me to be grateful for all the events in our lives, even if we do not expect them to be great. This is the Fishbowl at the current point of my life. The little things turn out to be more invaluable and impactful than originally expected.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/14/2020 23:34:38
Subject: connectivity (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

There are several things that have to be addressed among us in the fishbowl. 

First and foremost, I hope you are well and safe, along with those who are connected to you.

We are in this together. 

What does that statement or word-structure or sentence mean for us?

After physical distancing ourselves and repeatedly washing our hands, How do we connect in a meaningful way that is joyful and abundant?

How do we connect?

What do we connect?

Where do we connect?

When we address these questions, 

we radically shift our idea of interactivity 

towards an ecological conception of the term.

That is to say, we emphasize the 'generation of complex relation' over the 'stability of objects'?

Your postings in your fishbowls reveal the creative potential of movement (what word did you select), perception (what word did you see) and sensation (what word did you feel). Our connecting has to do with the art of critical and creative making. Please see Nick Colicci’s posting and the notion of connectivity in this light: movement, perception and sensation.

Sanjiv

ECOLOGY, INTERACTIVITY, CONNECT, GENERATE, COMPLEX, RELATION, STABILITY, OBJECT

from the fishbowl...

nickcolicci

Posts: 286

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

First draft

Fri Mar 13, 2020 11:59 pm

After reading through the first draft of the abstract, I believe Sanjiv's words truly embodied our course and the progress we have made along the way. "Our paper presents a new kind of sharing between author/reader and writer/viewer that transmits a social imaginary and puts into play active humanistic participation. We present a heuristic device for ‘reading’ and ‘writing’ in the context of online sharing that is egalitarian, horizontal and non-hierarchical." This line, in particular, explains the overall structure of the Fishbowl. In addition, I believe it reflects the recent transition I have made to a baseball coach; I am no longer the student of the game, rather an instructor to those looking to get better. I am able to structure an environment to match that of the Fishbowl, one where there are expectations but no strict guidelines or feelings of hierarchy. I want each player to feel they have an equal chance to play and succeed regardless of their personal backgrounds and experiences. I want to foster an environment of humanistic participation and ensure every student is comfortable asking questions when needed.

"By following the practice of carefully looking at every word, our “writing” became a process of self-interrogation and selecting symbols, motivated by a concern with the personal and cultural implications for the group." I believe one of the most important concepts that I pulled from this course was that of self-reflection. I have learned to evaluate my opinions and standing in life as a means to understand where my strengths and weaknesses lie. By understanding my weaknesses, I know how best I can make contributions to my organization and ensure I am being as productive as possible. Understanding my weaknesses allows me to focus on improving the parts of my personality that are not useful. Without this course and the encouragement to reflect on who I am, I would not be able to grow and develop to the extent that I capable of.

Top

nickcolicci

Posts: 286

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Creating meaning and significance

Sat Mar 14, 2020 12:12 am

"When you write from a place of truth (your selection of words)..." In posting in the Fishbowl, I do my best to be genuine and honest with the words and phrases I construct. I learned from a previous relationship what happens if you do not speak from your heart. This relationship was very faulty; there was poor communication and was often very passive-aggressive. Not knowing where we stood ultimately led to the premature demise of what could have been a successful companionship. I try to keep this experience in mind as I post and work in the Fishbowl. I do not want to waste anyone's time or ruin any sort of relationship/ line of communication that has great potential.

In a trying time in our society, in which the community is impacted by a disease that is tracking quickly across the glove, we are left to fend for ourselves. We are also left to rely on those around us for support when we have nowhere else to look or we are not strong enough to rely on ourselves. I took a hiatus from the Fishbowl this week as I traveled to Florida to visit family and was constantly aware of the situation around me. However, I used this trip as an opportunity to help my family members who are not able to do the daily household work themselves. This reminded me of the work we are completing in the Fishbowl. This is not to say that there are members of the Fishbowl who are not able, but the work I complete is intended for others who may be stuck or confused. I believe in being committed to the Fishbowl, we are placing the needs of others first and providing support in times of turmoil and uncertainties.

Top

nickcolicci

Posts: 286

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Re: Letter Interpretation

Sat Mar 14, 2020 12:12 am

When I heard all classes would be online after the extended spring break I was nervous for all but two classes: BUS443 and 448. In these two courses, we have become familiar with online learning and we have embraced the Fishbowl as our primary source of education and development. We were well prepared to move away from our in-class meetings and instead concentrate our focus solely on the Fishbowl. This is a pretty interesting and exciting prospect; more time to take ownership of learning and less time parking, riding the shuttles, and walking to classes. I must also keep in my mind, however, that I do have other classes and work responsibilities to tend too. Life goes on despite the pandemic.

I am fortunate to have my name listed on the abstract and to have had the opportunity to contribute to its development by being active in the Fishbowl. This is a very unique opportunity, one that is not readily available in other courses. Does the time and research I put into the papers for my political science class ever get published simply by my active engagement? No, it does not. That is why I am happy to have been enrolled in this course. I look forward to taking the skills I have learned and developed over this semester into my summer job, fall coursework, and ultimately my future career endeavors. My path and progression are only beginning! I need to capitalize on all the opportunities available to me.

This reminds me of the opportunity I had playing in a baseball tournament in Nashville, Tennessee when I was 15. I initially thought it would be the typical trip for baseball I always went on, but it turned out to be much more. I fell in love with Nashville and realized I wanted to pursue a career there. I met and bonded with incredible people that I most likely never would have had the opportunity to interact with. It taught me to be grateful for all the events in our lives, even if we do not expect them to be great. This is the Fishbowl at the current point of my life. The little things turn out to be more invaluable and impactful than originally expected.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/13/2020 13:18:47
Subject: update on the abstract (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well. 

Last night I submitted the abstract. Most of you are co-authors. A handful of names didn’t make it to the list because there was little evidence of using the heuristic by them. More on this later. The abstract is a tighter version of what you have been reading and working in your fishbowl. I had to cut down to 3500 words and deleted some poorly framed phrases. It is never-ending labor. Depends on your ambitions and what motivates. There are endless possibilities to take your text further. 

Everyone and everything is going digital and we have something to show and tell: stay close to text.

Please feel free to contact me if you need to. Email and/or Providence, Shepard bldg. I am following you in the fishbowl and will now shift my head out of the abstract into the task at hand. Your learning is not going to skip a beat. BUS443 and BUS448 have been online and in the making from the last 20 years. 

Sanjiv

ps: This morning, the last date for submitting the abstract has been extended to April 2. There is time for those who must increase their postings and reflections.

from EDULEARN20

IMMERSIVE LEARNING: HEURISTIC DEVICE FOR TRANSMITTING SOCIAL IMAGINARIES

S. Dugal1, N. Colicci1, A. Bikash1, A. Weston1, L. Janz1, N. Katchen1, K. Bugbee1, T. Martinez1, L. Denicola1, L. Cardono1, M. Degnan1, A. Roberti1, O. Palumbo1, K. Solomon1, S. Wordell1, B. Bolofsky1, T. Mulligan1, A. Lopez1, C. Morganelli1, B. Matarese1, K. Jensen1, A. Sullivan1, B. Mulligan1, D. Jones1, N. Amodio1, M. Augustine1, K. Fasano1, R. Forte1, H. Mecca1, V. Volpe1, M. Oppliger1, T. Ritacco1, M. Boelter1, M. Bowman1, C. Chen1, M. Pelisson1, B. Nong1, S. Costello1, P. Costanzo1, Z. Buckley1, K. Naranjo1, E. Lis1, D. Ayrassian1, J. Milder1, Y. Aloshban1, J. Repoza1, M. Fuhrman1, R. Kattan1, C. Hladick1, D. Brysch1, S. Vicedomine1, M. Volpe1, M. Troiano2, R. Singh3, S. Singh4

1 University of Rhode Island (UNITED STATES)

2 Clearheads Films (UNITED STATES)

3 RL Studio (INDIA)

4 Savvy Matters (UNITED STATES)

sanjivdugal@uri.edu, ncolicci@my.uri.edu, andrew_bikash@my.uri.edu, aydan_weston @my.uri.edu, lea_janz@my.uri.edu, natalie_katchen@my.uri.edu, kevin_bugbee@my.uri.edu, tiana_martinez@my.uri.edu, lea_denicola@my.uri.edu, lauren_cardono@my.uri.edu, michael_degnan@my.uri.edu, alexroberti@my.uri.edu, olivia_palumbo@my.uri.edu, kyra_solomon@my.uri.edu, samwordell@my.uri.edu, brooke_bolofsky@my.uri.edu, pmulligan@my.uri.edu, amiel_lopez@my.uri.edu, cmorganelli@my.uri.edu, bimmer105@my.uri.edu, kayla_jensen@my.uri.edu, andrea_sullivan@my.uri.edu, brady_mulligan@my.uri.edu, dawson_jones@my.uri.edu, nicholas_amodio@my.uri.edu, matt_augustine@my.uri.edu, kyra_fasano@my.uri.edu, raisaforte@my.uri.edu, hamzamecca16@my.uri.edu, vincent_volpe@my.uri.edu, moppliger@my.uri.edu, thomasritacco@my.uri.edu, matthew_boelter@my.uri.edu, madison_bowman@my.uri.edu, cchiehyu_0915@my.uri.edu, mpelisson@my.uri.edu, branden_nong@my.uri.edu, shancostello3@my.uri.edu, paige_constanzo@my.uri.edu, zachary_buckley@my.uri.edu, kylenaranjo@my.uri.edu, eli_lis@my.uri.edu, david_ayrassian@my.uri.edu, juell_milder@my.uri.edu, yasir_aloshban@my.uri.edu, jacob_repoza@my.uri.edu, mfuhrman@my.uri.edu, ramakattan@my.uri.edu, chladick@my.uri.edu, dominik_brysch@my.uri.edu, svicedomine@my.uri.edu, mary_volpe@my.uri.edu, michael.troiano1@verizon.net, rahoulsingh@gmail.com, shivsingh@gmail.com

Introduction: 

We present a heuristic device for ‘reading’ and ‘writing’ in the context of online sharing. Our paper presents a new kind of sharing between reader/writer or author/viewer that transmits a social imaginary and puts into play active humanistic participation. We are 120 participants (students at the University of Rhode Island) presenting the ‘way’ in which we made possible the formulation of our text and its subsequent transformation into knowledge. In other words, we’re presenting the ‘manner’ in which we produced categories and concepts for ordering, organizing, and transmitting knowledge among ourselves. In so doing, we realized the more we “immersed” ourselves in something, the more we “connected” to universal principles and processes. The deeper we went, the farther we could see all around. In our simulated world, The Fishbowl, looking carefully at anything informed looking at everything, creating a surrounding sensory feeling of immersion and humanistic participation.

Our purpose is twofold. To present the ‘way’ we deployed attention to text and, the ‘way’ in we formed ourselves into a cohesive group. There is large variation in attentional practices among us, ranging from rigid to flexible. Our overarching purpose as a group was to manage new digital spaces and produce valuable knowledge for the participants. 

Our paper presents a process and practice for socially constructing reality by using a reflexive methodology. Over a period of 12 weeks we combined real and virtual environments and human-machine interactions to create an experiential learning. Operating in groups of three, every participant in The Fishbowl is visible upon entry. We were looking at ourselves, looking at ourselves.As participant-observers, we interacted by projecting symbolic word-structures; creating abstractions through dialogism and reflexive practices. 

Method: 

We collapsed the differences between readers and writers by providing continuous edits and modifications, becoming ‘embedded’ in each other’s text. Our paper offers a more controlled format for producing an equivalent to Wikipedia.

Multiple and deliberative authorship calls for an equivalent form of reading, one that is not a re-reading but instead, a reading ‘anew’ each time. As Readers creating their own meaning, we were adding our own authoring to the text. In this way, we became a living “real time” process of simultaneous reading and writing, producing, evolving and having diverse patterns of meaning.

By shifting attention to focusing on the meaning of words, we constructed a knowing and a feeling among ourselves which helped connect in personally significant ways. Simply, we set up a heuristic for ‘deconstructing’ word-structures and, we extended our reality of the deconstructed text by infusing individual felt-experiences. 

Outcome: 

Our heuristic device helped us imagine, create and deliver innovative experiences. It enabled immersive learning, reduced time spent, while increasing engagement and ability to mirror real-life situations. By following the practice of carefully looking at every word, our “writing” became a process of self-interrogation motivated by a concern for the group.

So what: 

Immersive learning is still emerging as a practice in the workforce, but it’s clear that given the broad range of employee-training services, understanding concepts of ‘augmented reality’ and ‘extended reality’ technology will be critical to the enterprise of the future. 

Keywords: VIRTUAL COMMUNITY, IMMERSION LEARNING, HUMANISTIC PARTICIPATION

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/13/2020 13:17:08
Subject: update on the abstract (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How are you? I hope you are keeping well. 

Last night I submitted the abstract. Most of you are co-authors. A handful of names didn’t make it to the list because there was little evidence of using the heuristic by them. More on this later. The abstract is a tighter version of what you have been reading and working in your fishbowl. I had to cut down to 3500 words and deleted some poorly framed phrases. It is never-ending labor. Depends on your ambitions and what motivates. There are endless possibilities to take your text further. 

Everyone and everything is going digital and we have something to show and tell: stay close to text.

Please feel free to contact me if you need to. Email and/or Providence, Shepard bldg. I am following you in the fishbowl and will now shift my head out of the abstract into the task at hand. Your learning is not going to skip a beat. BUS443 and BUS448 have been online and in the making from the last 20 years. 

Sanjiv

ps: This morning, the last date for submitting the abstract has been extended to April 2. There is time for those who must increase their postings and reflections.

from EDULEARN20

IMMERSIVE LEARNING: HEURISTIC DEVICE FOR TRANSMITTING SOCIAL IMAGINARIES

S. Dugal1, N. Colicci1, A. Bikash1, A. Weston1, L. Janz1, N. Katchen1, K. Bugbee1, T. Martinez1, L. Denicola1, L. Cardono1, M. Degnan1, A. Roberti1, O. Palumbo1, K. Solomon1, S. Wordell1, B. Bolofsky1, T. Mulligan1, A. Lopez1, C. Morganelli1, B. Matarese1, K. Jensen1, A. Sullivan1, B. Mulligan1, D. Jones1, N. Amodio1, M. Augustine1, K. Fasano1, R. Forte1, H. Mecca1, V. Volpe1, M. Oppliger1, T. Ritacco1, M. Boelter1, M. Bowman1, C. Chen1, M. Pelisson1, B. Nong1, S. Costello1, P. Costanzo1, Z. Buckley1, K. Naranjo1, E. Lis1, D. Ayrassian1, J. Milder1, Y. Aloshban1, J. Repoza1, M. Fuhrman1, R. Kattan1, C. Hladick1, D. Brysch1, S. Vicedomine1, M. Volpe1, M. Troiano2, R. Singh3, S. Singh4

1 University of Rhode Island (UNITED STATES)

2 Clearheads Films (UNITED STATES)

3 RL Studio (INDIA)

4 Savvy Matters (UNITED STATES)

sanjivdugal@uri.edu, ncolicci@my.uri.edu, andrew_bikash@my.uri.edu, aydan_weston @my.uri.edu, lea_janz@my.uri.edu, natalie_katchen@my.uri.edu, kevin_bugbee@my.uri.edu, tiana_martinez@my.uri.edu, lea_denicola@my.uri.edu, lauren_cardono@my.uri.edu, michael_degnan@my.uri.edu, alexroberti@my.uri.edu, olivia_palumbo@my.uri.edu, kyra_solomon@my.uri.edu, samwordell@my.uri.edu, brooke_bolofsky@my.uri.edu, pmulligan@my.uri.edu, amiel_lopez@my.uri.edu, cmorganelli@my.uri.edu, bimmer105@my.uri.edu, kayla_jensen@my.uri.edu, andrea_sullivan@my.uri.edu, brady_mulligan@my.uri.edu, dawson_jones@my.uri.edu, nicholas_amodio@my.uri.edu, matt_augustine@my.uri.edu, kyra_fasano@my.uri.edu, raisaforte@my.uri.edu, hamzamecca16@my.uri.edu, vincent_volpe@my.uri.edu, moppliger@my.uri.edu, thomasritacco@my.uri.edu, matthew_boelter@my.uri.edu, madison_bowman@my.uri.edu, cchiehyu_0915@my.uri.edu, mpelisson@my.uri.edu, branden_nong@my.uri.edu, shancostello3@my.uri.edu, paige_constanzo@my.uri.edu, zachary_buckley@my.uri.edu, kylenaranjo@my.uri.edu, eli_lis@my.uri.edu, david_ayrassian@my.uri.edu, juell_milder@my.uri.edu, yasir_aloshban@my.uri.edu, jacob_repoza@my.uri.edu, mfuhrman@my.uri.edu, ramakattan@my.uri.edu, chladick@my.uri.edu, dominik_brysch@my.uri.edu, svicedomine@my.uri.edu, mary_volpe@my.uri.edu, michael.troiano1@verizon.net, rahoulsingh@gmail.com, shivsingh@gmail.com

Introduction: 

We present a heuristic device for ‘reading’ and ‘writing’ in the context of online sharing. Our paper presents a new kind of sharing between reader/writer or author/viewer that transmits a social imaginary and puts into play active humanistic participation. We are 120 participants (students at the University of Rhode Island) presenting the ‘way’ in which we made possible the formulation of our text and its subsequent transformation into knowledge. In other words, we’re presenting the ‘manner’ in which we produced categories and concepts for ordering, organizing, and transmitting knowledge among ourselves. In so doing, we realized the more we “immersed” ourselves in something, the more we “connected” to universal principles and processes. The deeper we went, the farther we could see all around. In our simulated world, The Fishbowl, looking carefully at anything informed looking at everything, creating a surrounding sensory feeling of immersion and humanistic participation.

Our purpose is twofold. To present the ‘way’ we deployed attention to text and, the ‘way’ in we formed ourselves into a cohesive group. There is large variation in attentional practices among us, ranging from rigid to flexible. Our overarching purpose as a group was to manage new digital spaces and produce valuable knowledge for the participants. 

Our paper presents a process and practice for socially constructing reality by using a reflexive methodology. Over a period of 12 weeks we combined real and virtual environments and human-machine interactions to create an experiential learning. Operating in groups of three, every participant in The Fishbowl is visible upon entry. We were looking at ourselves, looking at ourselves.As participant-observers, we interacted by projecting symbolic word-structures; creating abstractions through dialogism and reflexive practices. 

Method: 

We collapsed the differences between readers and writers by providing continuous edits and modifications, becoming ‘embedded’ in each other’s text. Our paper offers a more controlled format for producing an equivalent to Wikipedia.

Multiple and deliberative authorship calls for an equivalent form of reading, one that is not a re-reading but instead, a reading ‘anew’ each time. As Readers creating their own meaning, we were adding our own authoring to the text. In this way, we became a living “real time” process of simultaneous reading and writing, producing, evolving and having diverse patterns of meaning.

By shifting attention to focusing on the meaning of words, we constructed a knowing and a feeling among ourselves which helped connect in personally significant ways. Simply, we set up a heuristic for ‘deconstructing’ word-structures and, we extended our reality of the deconstructed text by infusing individual felt-experiences. 

Outcome: 

Our heuristic device helped us imagine, create and deliver innovative experiences. It enabled immersive learning, reduced time spent, while increasing engagement and ability to mirror real-life situations. By following the practice of carefully looking at every word, our “writing” became a process of self-interrogation motivated by a concern for the group.

So what: 

Immersive learning is still emerging as a practice in the workforce, but it’s clear that given the broad range of employee-training services, understanding concepts of ‘augmented reality’ and ‘extended reality’ technology will be critical to the enterprise of the future. 

Keywords: VIRTUAL COMMUNITY, IMMERSION LEARNING, HUMANISTIC PARTICIPATION

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/12/2020 2:34:41
Subject: creating meaning and significance (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How do we endure and find meaning in a crazy world (fishbowl) has plagued us from the start. ‘Mindfulness' and ‘wholeheartedness' have been extolled in your fishbowls. Both have to do with staying close to text. Staying close to the meaning of words. Even if you didn’t know how to read or write, in times of trouble and anxiety, we gather around the meaning of words. Whenever you stay close to text, it surrounds you with a sense of connection to something great. When you write from a place of truth (your selection of words), spirit (resonates with you) and generosity (flexibility in your selections) you create significance and meaning in your fishbowls.

Stay close to text and ride the wave.

Sanjiv

SIGNIFICANCE, MEANING, ENDURE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/12/2020 2:34:08
Subject: creating meaning and significance (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

How do we endure and find meaning in a crazy world (fishbowl) has plagued us from the start. ‘Mindfulness' and ‘wholeheartedness' have been extolled in your fishbowls. Both have to do with staying close to text. Staying close to the meaning of words. Even if you didn’t know how to read or write, in times of trouble and anxiety, we gather around the meaning of words. Whenever you stay close to text, it surrounds you with a sense of connection to something great. When you write from a place of truth (your selection of words), spirit (resonates with you) and generosity (flexibility in your selections) you create significance and meaning in your fishbowls.

Stay close to text and ride the wave.

Sanjiv

SIGNIFICANCE, MEANING, ENDURE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/11/2020 15:34:46
Subject: first draft: abstract (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Below is the latest interpretation of what you have been doing thus far in your fishbowls. Please note.

Sanjiv

ABSTRACT DEVELOPMENT

TITLE: Immersive Learning, Heuristic Devices and Transmitting Social Imaginaries 

INTRODUCTION: Immersion and Humanistic Participation

Our paper presents a new kind of sharing between author/reader and writer/viewer that transmits a social imaginary and puts into play active humanistic participation. We present a heuristic device for ‘reading’ and ‘writing’ in the context of online sharing that is egalitarian, horizontal and non-hierarchical. We are 120 participants (students mostly, at the University of Rhode Island) presenting the ‘way’ in which we make possible the formulation of our text (I.e.,, raise questions) and its subsequent transformation into knowledge (I.e., innovative felt-experiences). In other words, we’re presenting the ‘manner’ in which we produce categories and concepts for ordering, organizing, and transmitting knowledge among ourselves. In so doing, it came as a revelation that the more we “immersed” ourselves in something, the more we “connected” to universal principles and processes. The deeper we went, the farther we could see all around. ‘Looking carefully at anything, informs looking at everything.’ Our simulated world, we call The Fishbowl, created a surrounding sensory feeling of immersion and humanistic participation.

PURPOSE: Attentional Practice

Our purpose is twofold. One, to present the ‘way’ we deployed attention to text and two, the ‘way’ in which we formed ourselves into a cohesive group. 

There is large variation in attentional practices among us, ranging from rigid to flexible. Our overarching purpose as a group is to manage new digital spaces that produce valuable knowledge for the group. 

METHODOLOGY: Heuristic Device

Our paper presents a process and practice for socially constructing reality, using reflexive methodology over a period of 12 weeks. Combining real and virtual environments and human-machine interactions, we created an experiential learning. 

Operating in groups of three, every participant in The Fishbowl is visible. We are looking at ourselves, looking at ourselves.

As participant-observers, we are interacting by projecting symbolic word-structures and visually constructing abstractions through dialogism and reflexive practices. 

METHOD: Meaning of Words

We collapsed the differences between readers and authors by providing continuous edits and modifications, becoming embedded in each other’s text, until we become one. We offer a more controlled format for producing an equivalent to Wikipedia.

Multiple and deliberative authorship calls for an equivalent form of reading, one that is not a re-reading in the classical sense of the term, but instead a reading anew each time. 

As Readers creating their own meaning, in effect, we were adding own authoring to the text. In this way, we became a living “real time” process of simultaneous reading and writing, producing, evolving and having diverse patterns of meaning.

We did this by shifting attention to focusing on the meaning of words that were raised in the situations with which we were involved, thereby constructing a felt-knowing which helped connect us in personally significant ways.

Simply, we set up a heuristic for deconstructing word-structures and, we extended our reality by infusing individual felt-experiences. 

OUTCOME: Innovative Experience

Our heuristic device helped us imagine, create and deliver innovative experiences. It enabled immersive learning, reduced time spent, while increasing engagement and ability to mirror real-life situations. By following the practice of carefully looking at every word, our “writing” became a process of self-interrogation and selecting symbols, motivated by a concern with the personal and cultural implications for the group.

SO WHAT: Augmented Reality and Extended Reality

Immersive learning is still emerging, but it’s clear that, given the broad range of employee-training services, understanding Augmented Reality and Extended Reality technology will be critical to the enterprise of the future. 

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

carolinemorganelli

Posts: 117

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 8:25 am

Contact: Contact carolinemorganelli

Re: Caroline Morganelli: Google Searches

 Mon Mar 09, 2020 9:57 am

“STRUCTURES OF FEELINGS’ (RAYMOND WILLIAMS):

- refers to the different ways of thinking vying to emerge at any one time in history.

- the term feeling is used rather than thought to signal that what is at stake may not yet be articulated in a fully worked-out form, but has rather to be inferred by reading between the lines.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/11/2020 15:33:53
Subject: first draft: abstract (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Below is the latest interpretation of what you have been doing thus far in your fishbowls. Please note.

Sanjiv

ABSTRACT DEVELOPMENT

TITLE: Immersive Learning, Heuristic Devices and Transmitting Social Imaginaries 

INTRODUCTION: Immersion and Humanistic Participation

Our paper presents a new kind of sharing between author/reader and writer/viewer that transmits a social imaginary and puts into play active humanistic participation. We present a heuristic device for ‘reading’ and ‘writing’ in the context of online sharing that is egalitarian, horizontal and non-hierarchical. We are 120 participants (students mostly, at the University of Rhode Island) presenting the ‘way’ in which we make possible the formulation of our text (I.e.,, raise questions) and its subsequent transformation into knowledge (I.e., innovative felt-experiences). In other words, we’re presenting the ‘manner’ in which we produce categories and concepts for ordering, organizing, and transmitting knowledge among ourselves. In so doing, it came as a revelation that the more we “immersed” ourselves in something, the more we “connected” to universal principles and processes. The deeper we went, the farther we could see all around. ‘Looking carefully at anything, informs looking at everything.’ Our simulated world, we call The Fishbowl, created a surrounding sensory feeling of immersion and humanistic participation.

PURPOSE: Attentional Practice

Our purpose is twofold. One, to present the ‘way’ we deployed attention to text and two, the ‘way’ in which we formed ourselves into a cohesive group. 

There is large variation in attentional practices among us, ranging from rigid to flexible. Our overarching purpose as a group is to manage new digital spaces that produce valuable knowledge for the group. 

METHODOLOGY: Heuristic Device

Our paper presents a process and practice for socially constructing reality, using reflexive methodology over a period of 12 weeks. Combining real and virtual environments and human-machine interactions, we created an experiential learning. 

Operating in groups of three, every participant in The Fishbowl is visible. We are looking at ourselves, looking at ourselves.

As participant-observers, we are interacting by projecting symbolic word-structures and visually constructing abstractions through dialogism and reflexive practices. 

METHOD: Meaning of Words

We collapsed the differences between readers and authors by providing continuous edits and modifications, becoming embedded in each other’s text, until we become one. We offer a more controlled format for producing an equivalent to Wikipedia.

Multiple and deliberative authorship calls for an equivalent form of reading, one that is not a re-reading in the classical sense of the term, but instead a reading anew each time. 

As Readers creating their own meaning, in effect, we were adding own authoring to the text. In this way, we became a living “real time” process of simultaneous reading and writing, producing, evolving and having diverse patterns of meaning.

We did this by shifting attention to focusing on the meaning of words that were raised in the situations with which we were involved, thereby constructing a felt-knowing which helped connect us in personally significant ways.

Simply, we set up a heuristic for deconstructing word-structures and, we extended our reality by infusing individual felt-experiences. 

OUTCOME: Innovative Experience

Our heuristic device helped us imagine, create and deliver innovative experiences. It enabled immersive learning, reduced time spent, while increasing engagement and ability to mirror real-life situations. By following the practice of carefully looking at every word, our “writing” became a process of self-interrogation and selecting symbols, motivated by a concern with the personal and cultural implications for the group.

SO WHAT: Augmented Reality and Extended Reality

Immersive learning is still emerging, but it’s clear that, given the broad range of employee-training services, understanding Augmented Reality and Extended Reality technology will be critical to the enterprise of the future. 

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

carolinemorganelli

Posts: 117

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 8:25 am

Contact: Contact carolinemorganelli

Re: Caroline Morganelli: Google Searches

 Mon Mar 09, 2020 9:57 am

“STRUCTURES OF FEELINGS’ (RAYMOND WILLIAMS):

- refers to the different ways of thinking vying to emerge at any one time in history.

- the term feeling is used rather than thought to signal that what is at stake may not yet be articulated in a fully worked-out form, but has rather to be inferred by reading between the lines.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/10/2020 14:56:05
Subject: working on the abstract (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

In case you missed Amiel Lopez's reflections and development regarding writing an Abstract.

His writing strategy is: deconstruct and infuse. 

His text, like yours, can be used as knowledge content and presented in the full paper.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

Amiel

Posts: 71

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: ABSTRACT DEVELOPMENT

Mon Mar 02, 2020 3:13 pm

#37

"A way of explaining a feeling about someone" and "People living together forming new ideas". This is the path to abstract development. The "Hermeneutic Perspective" of Gadamer is "A way of explaining a feeling about someone". The "Social Imaginary" of Charles Taylor is "People living together forming new ideas". We are approaching the point in time where we must let people know how we feel. We must live together before we can form new ideas. There is no "I" in the Fisbowl there is only "Us". We are learning to develop unity and cohesion among those who live with in the "Fishbowl". There is too much silence among us and why is that? We must interact amongst each other. The fishbowl has no hierarchy we are all equal, there is no barriers between us. We are all in the fishbowl together and once we begin to feel for one another we will create a social sharing of knowledge and information. Alone one can not form new ideas, it is the people living and interacting together that will form new transformational ideas. For example the day that I walked into my first shift of my first job I was terrified. I was hired at Domino's Pizza in Riverside, Rhode Island to be a pizza delivery boy. Like most high school students we didn't know a whole lot about what it really meant to work a long shift all we really knew was that we wanted money to buy things. I was surrounded by an unfamiliar atmosphere one that I had not previously known. I was thankfully guided by the Store Manager at the time he was young and quite friendly and we could relate pretty well. As I began to familiarize myself with the routine over the first weeks I began to realize that I really didn't like the work I was doing but I knew I needed cash for a new car. I wasn't to familiar with my co-workers and I honestly didn't know much about them and they didn't know much more about me other than my name. I began to feel a sense of loneliness. I simply felt I was only there to do my job as the mechanistic organization would want. I knew I wanted to change the way I felt and as I began to make myself familiar and safe within my surroundings I eventually became more and more curious. I had reached the moment in which I wanted to create understanding amongst those I would be interacting with in the "Fishbowl" so I began asking questions and opening up to those who where around me. I began to gain a sense of understanding while at the same time learning some valuable tips that would help me succeed. The more we began to explain to each other how we felt the more we had bonded and unionized. Eventually we where so familiar with ourselves after two months everything became so effortless. We had changed the way we worked after the time we spent living together. We had become such a close group of people from different backgrounds and different ways of life. We were all brought together by a common goal. Like the great President Abraham Lincoln once said "A house divided can not stand". The "house" in other words the "fishbowl" cannot be divided. The responsibility amongst us now is create this sense of unity, secureness, and familiarity so we can begin constructing new ideas together with the digital benefits that surround us in today's business world.

Amiel

Posts: 71

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: Lopez: STAYING CONNECTED THROUGH REFLECTIONS

Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:30 pm

#38

Last edited by Amiel on Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:33 pm, edited 1 time in total.

Amiel

Posts: 71

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: Lopez: PERSONAL EMPOWERMENT

Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:31 pm

#39

Amiel

Posts: 71

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: Lopez: IMMERSIVE TECHNOLOGY

Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:32 pm

#40

Amiel

Posts: 71

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: Lopez: FACING A NEW COMPLEX STRUCTURE

 Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:34 pm

#41

"Many interconnecting parts or elements and a quality of being organized". This deconstruction of complex structures is what we face to move into a quality of being organized. Like the good old saying you must first crawl before you can walk. Figuring out the interconnecting parts or elements of the fishbowl is what we have faced it is a method of transitioning quality of organization. The more interdependence and the more adjustments we must make the more we will be interconnecting. We are learning to create value and add value with this play on words. From where I first started to this current point I feel in a position of pivotal change and I'm coming to realize the importance of adapting to a new complex structures such as the fishbowl. It has been a slow progression and a late start but non the less the complexity has awakened me to develop the understanding of these interconnection parts.

Last edited by Amiel on Thu Mar 05, 2020 10:51 pm, edited 2 times in total.

Amiel

Posts: 71

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: Lopez: CONCEPTUAL AND HUMAN SKILLS WILL COME TO THE FORE

Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:36 pm

#42

"The element of a person that enables them to be aware of the world and their experiences to do something well". This can represent the conceptual human skills that will present themselves as the solution to lasting change in the office. The concept of utilizing an office or space of gathering to complete daily jobs is at the core of the financial times article and Professor Rowley's letter of conceptual human skills. The issue of office vs remote work is at the forefront of how "soft" skills may play a more vital role in managing and navigating unfamiliarity. Caroline Morganelli 's post fit's perfectly within the "soft" skills we must posses to further advance and grow. She speaks about the adjustments she had to make to familiarize and understand the meaning of the fishbowl. First you must solve to understand complex structures. It is the time we put in that will allow us to retain these invaluable skills. From my own experiences I've always had to learn the hard way to adapt to challenging settings . At times there would be difficulties in navigating how to better improve and grow my own "soft" skills when I first began my education here at URI. At times I was probably the least prepared and there would be times where I was the most prepared. The challenges I encounter and to this day encounter on occasion are those we spend the longest time contemplating and thinking about after realizing the impact of certain decisions. It starts with the attitude and approach one conceptualizes that will provide the understanding of complexity and its function in understanding the organizational design skills that will lead to the change.

Last edited by Amiel on Thu Mar 05, 2020 8:38 pm, edited 1 time in total.

Amiel

Posts: 71

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: Lopez: COMPOSITION OF TEXT AND IMAGES

Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:36 pm

#43

"An arrangement of elements in a point of view". Kevin Bugge's posting sums up the essence of what we must frame to coincide with the images. The creativity and conceptual`basis in which we must perform to create a composition that are a creation of meaning, felt experiences, and images to create a point of view. The (10+1) steps will bring together the creation of a memory that was developed into an arrangement of text and memorable images that helped us come to a solution of change and design.

Amiel

Posts: 71

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

UNCOVERING STRUCTURES

Fri Mar 06, 2020 12:31 pm

#44

"People acting together with a common interest and clear and definite actions of sharing something". The social worlds that we revolve around exist twice for a reason. The "physical" world which involves people acting together with a common interest, and second the "mental" world which is intangible. The mental uncovering is the activities that arrive around our clear and definite actions of sharing something which involves the conduct, thoughts, feelings, and judgements we make. Our role of uncovering structures derives from our dual lives. Its the classification of decisions that cause us to reevaluate and create meaning. I'm in the process of formulating and creating a template of knowledge and social facts to fundamentally understand what is happening. We uncover new structures daily and each comes with a new challenge and a new approach and the values we carry will be the most crucial force. Understanding the causation and effect is all metaphorically representing the "uncovering of structures".

Amiel

Posts: 71

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

HUMAN SPECIES

Sat Mar 07, 2020 9:58 pm

#45

What really stood out to me from Bruce Aylward's concept is the idea of "Absolutely fundamental change". I understood this to be "Emphasizing the central importance of becoming different". Relating this all to the human species we may all come from different or similar backgrounds, share different beliefs, and differ in ways of thinking but at the end of the day we are all part of the human race. Understanding our differences and our similarities by connecting and sharing through the fishbowl is a way of understanding this methodology. The world is becoming more and more globalized as we keep heading into the future. With the technology and advances in communication that surround us today we can create this "absolute fundamental change". The fishbowl is allowing us to understand one another and how each other feels. We are so used to keeping to ourselves, minding our own business, and not disclosing to much about ourselves but this is contrary to the "emphasizing the central importance of becoming different". The fear is that we are alienating ourselves from one another when it is moments like these where we have to move out of these "small unit mentalities" and start thinking big. Really big. I keep hearing people in public, on tv, and in articles regarding coronavirus saying that 80% of people fair relatively well fighting off the virus and then 20%(usually the elderly) are the ones who represent the more serious cases. Many of us are taking this for granted for the sole reason it may not affect ourselves. This is why we must emphasize becoming different in our mentality. When we only recognize ourselves we forget what is affecting others around the world. We all have to participate in the change. Locally there have been issues among people who are breaking quarantine. When we break quarantine we are exposing others to the risk of sickness as well. These actions are self benefiting. Do these actions of exposing others when knowingly ill benefit the larger community around us or the "human race" absolutely not. Because of a simple fundamental difference in thinking the individual did not realize his actions could evolve into the possible deaths of senior citizens or elderly in our community. Being able to all be connected and in accordance with one another like the World Health Organization has been with their colleagues around the world it allows them to be effective in achieving their common goal of improving health around the world. The challenges we face together must start with understanding where the differences lay. The fishbowl allows us to bring our ideas together and share them amongst a community. This sense of relationship building and understanding will help improve our flaws.

SPECIES- a group subordinate to a genus and containing individuals agreeing in some common attributes and called by a common name

HUMAN- a human being, especially a person as distinguished from an animal

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/10/2020 14:55:37
Subject: working on the abstract (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

In case you missed Amiel Lopez's reflections and development regarding writing an Abstract.

His writing strategy is: deconstruct and infuse. 

His text, like yours, can be used as knowledge content and presented in the full paper.

Sanjiv

from the fishbowl...

Amiel

Posts: 71

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: ABSTRACT DEVELOPMENT

Mon Mar 02, 2020 3:13 pm

#37

"A way of explaining a feeling about someone" and "People living together forming new ideas". This is the path to abstract development. The "Hermeneutic Perspective" of Gadamer is "A way of explaining a feeling about someone". The "Social Imaginary" of Charles Taylor is "People living together forming new ideas". We are approaching the point in time where we must let people know how we feel. We must live together before we can form new ideas. There is no "I" in the Fisbowl there is only "Us". We are learning to develop unity and cohesion among those who live with in the "Fishbowl". There is too much silence among us and why is that? We must interact amongst each other. The fishbowl has no hierarchy we are all equal, there is no barriers between us. We are all in the fishbowl together and once we begin to feel for one another we will create a social sharing of knowledge and information. Alone one can not form new ideas, it is the people living and interacting together that will form new transformational ideas. For example the day that I walked into my first shift of my first job I was terrified. I was hired at Domino's Pizza in Riverside, Rhode Island to be a pizza delivery boy. Like most high school students we didn't know a whole lot about what it really meant to work a long shift all we really knew was that we wanted money to buy things. I was surrounded by an unfamiliar atmosphere one that I had not previously known. I was thankfully guided by the Store Manager at the time he was young and quite friendly and we could relate pretty well. As I began to familiarize myself with the routine over the first weeks I began to realize that I really didn't like the work I was doing but I knew I needed cash for a new car. I wasn't to familiar with my co-workers and I honestly didn't know much about them and they didn't know much more about me other than my name. I began to feel a sense of loneliness. I simply felt I was only there to do my job as the mechanistic organization would want. I knew I wanted to change the way I felt and as I began to make myself familiar and safe within my surroundings I eventually became more and more curious. I had reached the moment in which I wanted to create understanding amongst those I would be interacting with in the "Fishbowl" so I began asking questions and opening up to those who where around me. I began to gain a sense of understanding while at the same time learning some valuable tips that would help me succeed. The more we began to explain to each other how we felt the more we had bonded and unionized. Eventually we where so familiar with ourselves after two months everything became so effortless. We had changed the way we worked after the time we spent living together. We had become such a close group of people from different backgrounds and different ways of life. We were all brought together by a common goal. Like the great President Abraham Lincoln once said "A house divided can not stand". The "house" in other words the "fishbowl" cannot be divided. The responsibility amongst us now is create this sense of unity, secureness, and familiarity so we can begin constructing new ideas together with the digital benefits that surround us in today's business world.

Amiel

Posts: 71

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: Lopez: STAYING CONNECTED THROUGH REFLECTIONS

Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:30 pm

#38

Last edited by Amiel on Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:33 pm, edited 1 time in total.

Amiel

Posts: 71

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: Lopez: PERSONAL EMPOWERMENT

Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:31 pm

#39

Amiel

Posts: 71

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: Lopez: IMMERSIVE TECHNOLOGY

Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:32 pm

#40

Amiel

Posts: 71

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: Lopez: FACING A NEW COMPLEX STRUCTURE

 Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:34 pm

#41

"Many interconnecting parts or elements and a quality of being organized". This deconstruction of complex structures is what we face to move into a quality of being organized. Like the good old saying you must first crawl before you can walk. Figuring out the interconnecting parts or elements of the fishbowl is what we have faced it is a method of transitioning quality of organization. The more interdependence and the more adjustments we must make the more we will be interconnecting. We are learning to create value and add value with this play on words. From where I first started to this current point I feel in a position of pivotal change and I'm coming to realize the importance of adapting to a new complex structures such as the fishbowl. It has been a slow progression and a late start but non the less the complexity has awakened me to develop the understanding of these interconnection parts.

Last edited by Amiel on Thu Mar 05, 2020 10:51 pm, edited 2 times in total.

Amiel

Posts: 71

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: Lopez: CONCEPTUAL AND HUMAN SKILLS WILL COME TO THE FORE

Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:36 pm

#42

"The element of a person that enables them to be aware of the world and their experiences to do something well". This can represent the conceptual human skills that will present themselves as the solution to lasting change in the office. The concept of utilizing an office or space of gathering to complete daily jobs is at the core of the financial times article and Professor Rowley's letter of conceptual human skills. The issue of office vs remote work is at the forefront of how "soft" skills may play a more vital role in managing and navigating unfamiliarity. Caroline Morganelli 's post fit's perfectly within the "soft" skills we must posses to further advance and grow. She speaks about the adjustments she had to make to familiarize and understand the meaning of the fishbowl. First you must solve to understand complex structures. It is the time we put in that will allow us to retain these invaluable skills. From my own experiences I've always had to learn the hard way to adapt to challenging settings . At times there would be difficulties in navigating how to better improve and grow my own "soft" skills when I first began my education here at URI. At times I was probably the least prepared and there would be times where I was the most prepared. The challenges I encounter and to this day encounter on occasion are those we spend the longest time contemplating and thinking about after realizing the impact of certain decisions. It starts with the attitude and approach one conceptualizes that will provide the understanding of complexity and its function in understanding the organizational design skills that will lead to the change.

Last edited by Amiel on Thu Mar 05, 2020 8:38 pm, edited 1 time in total.

Amiel

Posts: 71

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: Lopez: COMPOSITION OF TEXT AND IMAGES

Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:36 pm

#43

"An arrangement of elements in a point of view". Kevin Bugge's posting sums up the essence of what we must frame to coincide with the images. The creativity and conceptual`basis in which we must perform to create a composition that are a creation of meaning, felt experiences, and images to create a point of view. The (10+1) steps will bring together the creation of a memory that was developed into an arrangement of text and memorable images that helped us come to a solution of change and design.

Amiel

Posts: 71

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

UNCOVERING STRUCTURES

Fri Mar 06, 2020 12:31 pm

#44

"People acting together with a common interest and clear and definite actions of sharing something". The social worlds that we revolve around exist twice for a reason. The "physical" world which involves people acting together with a common interest, and second the "mental" world which is intangible. The mental uncovering is the activities that arrive around our clear and definite actions of sharing something which involves the conduct, thoughts, feelings, and judgements we make. Our role of uncovering structures derives from our dual lives. Its the classification of decisions that cause us to reevaluate and create meaning. I'm in the process of formulating and creating a template of knowledge and social facts to fundamentally understand what is happening. We uncover new structures daily and each comes with a new challenge and a new approach and the values we carry will be the most crucial force. Understanding the causation and effect is all metaphorically representing the "uncovering of structures".

Amiel

Posts: 71

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

HUMAN SPECIES

Sat Mar 07, 2020 9:58 pm

#45

What really stood out to me from Bruce Aylward's concept is the idea of "Absolutely fundamental change". I understood this to be "Emphasizing the central importance of becoming different". Relating this all to the human species we may all come from different or similar backgrounds, share different beliefs, and differ in ways of thinking but at the end of the day we are all part of the human race. Understanding our differences and our similarities by connecting and sharing through the fishbowl is a way of understanding this methodology. The world is becoming more and more globalized as we keep heading into the future. With the technology and advances in communication that surround us today we can create this "absolute fundamental change". The fishbowl is allowing us to understand one another and how each other feels. We are so used to keeping to ourselves, minding our own business, and not disclosing to much about ourselves but this is contrary to the "emphasizing the central importance of becoming different". The fear is that we are alienating ourselves from one another when it is moments like these where we have to move out of these "small unit mentalities" and start thinking big. Really big. I keep hearing people in public, on tv, and in articles regarding coronavirus saying that 80% of people fair relatively well fighting off the virus and then 20%(usually the elderly) are the ones who represent the more serious cases. Many of us are taking this for granted for the sole reason it may not affect ourselves. This is why we must emphasize becoming different in our mentality. When we only recognize ourselves we forget what is affecting others around the world. We all have to participate in the change. Locally there have been issues among people who are breaking quarantine. When we break quarantine we are exposing others to the risk of sickness as well. These actions are self benefiting. Do these actions of exposing others when knowingly ill benefit the larger community around us or the "human race" absolutely not. Because of a simple fundamental difference in thinking the individual did not realize his actions could evolve into the possible deaths of senior citizens or elderly in our community. Being able to all be connected and in accordance with one another like the World Health Organization has been with their colleagues around the world it allows them to be effective in achieving their common goal of improving health around the world. The challenges we face together must start with understanding where the differences lay. The fishbowl allows us to bring our ideas together and share them amongst a community. This sense of relationship building and understanding will help improve our flaws.

SPECIES- a group subordinate to a genus and containing individuals agreeing in some common attributes and called by a common name

HUMAN- a human being, especially a person as distinguished from an animal

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/10/2020 14:35:35
Subject: disciplined subjectivity (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Would you say we have created a "surrounding sensory feeling of immersion and humanistic participation” in the fishbowl? I thought of rephrasing that in our Abstract, but I’m not sure.

"What is our structure of feelings? It is only to be evident when shared, developed, and deconstructed and infused. Like baking a cake, the final product is nothing short of a delicious masterpiece, and the evidence of hard work and interconnection is a treasure shared between us all." Lea Janz (Fishbowl, Spr2020)

Our focus in the Abstract, I realize this morning, has to be on 'Learning Through Immersion.' These words feel better. These words are the choices we have to make after sorting, sifting and selecting. Creating word pools is key and standard practice, I would think.

The way we write (in your fishbowls) is not the way we speak. There is a gap and this must be kept in mind. The way we write is 'disciplined subjectivity' because of the choices we make. Please see postings by Lea Janz and Michael Degnan below.

Sanjiv

IMMERSION, LEARNING, SURROUND, SENSORY, FEELING, HUMANISTIC, PARTICIPATION

from the fishbowl

leajanz

Posts: 107

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:04 am

Contact: Contact leajanz

structures of feelings

 Mon Mar 09, 2020 2:14 pm

structure-composition, system, many part put together

feelings-emotions, not always evident unless physically expressed

the composition of emotions

used as a methodology- rules, methods

to identify certain characteristics of the affective experiences they are trying to analyze

the composition of emotions is used to recognize features of moods, feelings, and emotions in experiences that are being analyzed

"It was a structure in the sense that you could perceive it operating in one work after another which weren't otherwise connected" It is a structure because it operates in every waking moment of our lives, under our nose, through repeated practice in the fishbowl. This in turn infers that feeling is patterned and subject to analysis. (Change and Theory in Raymond William's Structure of Feeling, Sean Matthews).

What is our structure of feelings? It is only to be evident when shared, developed, and deconstructed and infused. Like baking a cake, the final product is nothing short of a delicious masterpiece, and the evidence of hard work and interconnection is a treasure shared between us all.

michaeldegnan

Posts: 138

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:57 am

Contact: Contact michaeldegnan

Re: Degnan: Letters

 Sun Mar 08, 2020 8:48 pm

Abstract Development

Thinking of the fishbowl as a virtual community is an accurate comparison because of how similar the fishbowl is to any other community that we are in. In other communities, people share their ideas and opinion on matters and people learn from what others say. That is similar in the fishbowl with our and others' interpretation of the letters that we receive. In addition, our real-life communities have smaller separate groups that we share more of our ideas with than others, and that is similar to what happens in the fishbowl. Lastly, I believe as time goes on in a community, you become more comfortable and share more of your opinions, which is something I believe has happened of the course of the semester in the fishbowl.

michaeldegnan

Posts: 138

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:57 am

Contact: Contact michaeldegnan

Re: Degnan: Letters

Tue Mar 10, 2020 12:18 am

Abstract Development

The whole idea behind our abstract and why we are interested in sharing this at the national conference is because our style of learning is different than any other style, but that does not mean it cannot be just as effective. This style of learning is based on the interpretation of different lessons and seeing what types of new information we can grasp from this new information. I believe that if we show others our ways of learning, they can adapt to our practices and possibly even build on these and incorporate them into their own lessons.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/10/2020 14:27:14
Subject: disciplined subjectivity (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Would you say we have created a "surrounding sensory feeling of immersion and humanistic participation” in the fishbowl? I thought of rephrasing that in our Abstract, but I’m not sure.

"What is our structure of feelings? It is only to be evident when shared, developed, and deconstructed and infused. Like baking a cake, the final product is nothing short of a delicious masterpiece, and the evidence of hard work and interconnection is a treasure shared between us all." Lea Janz (Fishbowl, Spr2020)

Our focus in the Abstract, I realize this morning, has to be on 'Learning Through Immersion.' These words feel better. These words are the choices we have to make after sorting, sifting and selecting. Creating word pools is key and standard practice, I would think.

The way we write (in your fishbowls) is not the way we speak. There is a gap and this must be kept in mind. The way we write is 'disciplined subjectivity' because of the choices we make. Please see postings by Lea Janz and Michael Degnan below.

Sanjiv

IMMERSION, LEARNING, SURROUND, SENSORY, FEELING, HUMANISTIC, PARTICIPATION

from the fishbowl

leajanz

Posts: 107

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:04 am

Contact: Contact leajanz

structures of feelings

 Mon Mar 09, 2020 2:14 pm

structure-composition, system, many part put together

feelings-emotions, not always evident unless physically expressed

the composition of emotions

used as a methodology- rules, methods

to identify certain characteristics of the affective experiences they are trying to analyze

the composition of emotions is used to recognize features of moods, feelings, and emotions in experiences that are being analyzed

"It was a structure in the sense that you could perceive it operating in one work after another which weren't otherwise connected" It is a structure because it operates in every waking moment of our lives, under our nose, through repeated practice in the fishbowl. This in turn infers that feeling is patterned and subject to analysis. (Change and Theory in Raymond William's Structure of Feeling, Sean Matthews).

What is our structure of feelings? It is only to be evident when shared, developed, and deconstructed and infused. Like baking a cake, the final product is nothing short of a delicious masterpiece, and the evidence of hard work and interconnection is a treasure shared between us all.

michaeldegnan

Posts: 138

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:57 am

Contact: Contact michaeldegnan

Re: Degnan: Letters

 Sun Mar 08, 2020 8:48 pm

Abstract Development

Thinking of the fishbowl as a virtual community is an accurate comparison because of how similar the fishbowl is to any other community that we are in. In other communities, people share their ideas and opinion on matters and people learn from what others say. That is similar in the fishbowl with our and others' interpretation of the letters that we receive. In addition, our real-life communities have smaller separate groups that we share more of our ideas with than others, and that is similar to what happens in the fishbowl. Lastly, I believe as time goes on in a community, you become more comfortable and share more of your opinions, which is something I believe has happened of the course of the semester in the fishbowl.

michaeldegnan

Posts: 138

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:57 am

Contact: Contact michaeldegnan

Re: Degnan: Letters

Tue Mar 10, 2020 12:18 am

Abstract Development

The whole idea behind our abstract and why we are interested in sharing this at the national conference is because our style of learning is different than any other style, but that does not mean it cannot be just as effective. This style of learning is based on the interpretation of different lessons and seeing what types of new information we can grasp from this new information. I believe that if we show others our ways of learning, they can adapt to our practices and possibly even build on these and incorporate them into their own lessons.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/9/2020 12:35:41
Subject: abstract development-4 (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Everything has been stripped away and this morning the opening paragraph of the Abstract reads as follows below. This opening statement, the opening structure, the opening sentence, the opening syntax have to be thought through trial and error which takes focus and meditation and contemplation. After that, Method and methodology and then finally the Outcome, what happened? Something like that...reviewers like to see some clear things: what is the purpose, how are you doing it, what happened, and lastly, the question: so what?

Land is in sight on the horizon, as we ‘gaze' at each other. We have learnt that fear isolates us, imagination connects us. Please see Nick Colicci’s postings below.

Draft Para for Abstract:

Our paper presents a new kind of sharing between author/reader and writer/viewer that transmits a social imaginary and puts into play active humanistic participation. We present a heuristic for ‘reading’ and ‘writing’ in the context of online sharing that is egalitarian, horizontal and non-hierarchical. We are 120 participants (students mostly, at the University of Rhode Island) presenting the ‘way’ in which we make possible the formulation of our text (that is, raise questions) and its subsequent transformation into knowledge (that is, innovative felt-experiences). In other words, we’re presenting the ‘manner’ in which we produced categories and concepts for ordering, organizing, and transmitting knowledge among ourselves. In so doing, it came as a revelation that the more we “immersed” ourselves in something, the more we “connected” to universal processes. The deeper we went, the farther we could see all around. Our simulated world, we call The Fishbowl, created a surrounding sensory feeling of immersion and humanistic participation. 

Sanjiv

GAZE, FOCUS, MEDITATE, CONTEMPLATE

from the fishbowl...

nickcolicci

Posts: 248

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Developing Models

Sun Mar 01, 2020 8:36 pm

The simple line "We need to be receptive to change" from Dawson was very powerful. In seven words, Dawson drove home the solution to what seems to be our biggest issue in society today. We are cemented in our ways and often unwilling to bend even if it is in the best interest of our organization. This how culture needs to be fostered in the organizations we structure. Our emphasis should be placed on making the organizational flexible and conducive to hearing a wide variety of recommendations and opinions. If we pursue a goal with little desire to deviate from our trajected course, how are we to handle adversity? Keeping our eyes and options open is how we will add value to the organization.

In reading this letter, I compared the Fishbowl to the baseball teams I coach. I reference baseball quite often, but I believe it is because of the similarities in the two organizations. Regardless, Sanjiv is "committed to fostering creative and critical thinkers who innovate with ease, who are not rattled by uncertainty, who move agilely from one form of output to another, and who can communicate in multiple ways with acuity and clarity". I am seeking to do the same for the players on my team. Game scenarios are random and cannot be predicted, so each player must be prepared to effectively handle anything that is thrown their way. Further, these skills can be translated as they move through levels and seek to compete with more advanced players.

The phrase "'crumbling systems and structures" caught my eyes. I interpreted this phrase to mean that the makeup and design of organizations are collapsing and are becoming ineffective. In business, we are often introduced to organizations who have a collapsing structure. It is our job to analyze, dissect, and develop solutions to these challenges. For example, if our baseball team is struggling, it is my responsibility to identify the problem and come up with a solution.

Crumbling- to fall into small pieces; break or part into small fragments.

Systems- an assemblage or combination of things or parts forming a complex or unitary whole.

Structures- mode of building, construction, or organization; arrangement of parts, elements, or constituents.

nickcolicci

Posts: 248

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Abstract Development

 Sun Mar 01, 2020 9:12 pm

"forming a cohesive culture among ourselves". This line can be reconstructed to mean that in the Fishbowl, we are constructing interpretations and posts as a means to develop a sense of unity. This unity will grow our culture and enhance our abilities to interact with one another in a way that yields productive results. I believe being a member of a family encompasses the responsibility of forming a cohesive culture among ourselves. In order to have a tight-knit family, we are responsible for connecting on a deeper level. My family traveled as a means to create a cohesive culture and share experiences. It was a fun and different way of spending time together and creating memories.

Forming- bring together parts or combine to create (something).

Cohesive- the act or state of cohering, uniting, or sticking together.

Culture- the quality in a person or society that arises from a concern for what is regarded as excellent in arts, letters, manners, scholarly pursuits, etc.

Among- in, into, or through the midst of; in association or connection with; surrounded by.

Ourselves- a reflexive form of we (used as the direct or indirect object of a verb or the direct object of a preposition).

With technology growing, I expect to be doing business and working with others through computers or at least online. Due to this, we must get comfortable communicating by typing words. We can practice this in the Fishbowl to gain familiarity. We must learn the most efficient methods and processes because we will be able to implement them into the organizational design we seek to enact as we become organizational leaders. In the Fishbowl, we are being exposed to a variety of ideas and mental structures. In doing this, we are able to open our minds to new perspectives and ultimately enhance our ability to add value. We must embrace the change and pursue to combine our differences to build strengths.

nickcolicci

Posts: 248

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Staying Connected Through Reflections

Sat Mar 07, 2020 10:50 am

The opportunity to travel for spring break is exciting for me; I am anxious to take a break from the cold of Rhode Island and explore the warm area of St. Petersburg. While I may not be able to post my responses each day, I certainly will be thinking about them every chance that I get as a means to understand the structure of others and apply my own experiences. I can explore with a sense of abstraction and break down the interactions I have with those that I encounter. It will be an opportunity for me to take a step back from my hectic life and reflect on what I have accomplished this semester thus far.

I went to Florida in November of 2019 to visit my friends in Gainesville, Florida. It was a short trip, I left on a Friday and came back on a Monday. Even the four days I was gone I was happy to eat at different restaurants, meet new people, and see a Florida Gators football game. It helped me to understand how each culture and group of people have their own traditions that make their experiences unique. I am hoping for this same satisfaction this upcoming week. I always encourage my friends to attend a southern college football game. I recommend this not for the football, but the unique traditions each college and its students have on game day. It is a great insight into a culture.

As Andrea said, I hope spring break is an "Opportunity to do nothing." I work best when my brain can take a break, relax, and process the events in my life. It is hard to do this in a time of high stress and school work. To be successful, we need to value the time we have with little to no responsibility and learn to make that time our own.

nickcolicci

Posts: 248

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Personal Empowerment

Sat Mar 07, 2020 11:13 am

I have always worked to assume my own personal power. To me, personal power is the ability to face any challenge head-on and beat it. I believe the act of assuming personal power leads to personal empowerment, which provides me the opportunity to walk into any organization and make my mark. What is the fun of sitting behind the scenes? The pursuit of personal empower is not an easy one, as Sanjiv explained that we need to rethink and reshape the world around us. This takes trial and error because we have to be active participants in the process of deconstruction, looking at the world and other interactions at a more abstract and conceptual level, as we attempt to apply our meaning to these events.

Everyone in the Fishbowl is practicing and building these skills so when we enter the professional world, we can add value and bring the contract home. Each word and sentence we break down is preparing us for unique interactions and events for us to remember. Amiel's post was very powerful. He took the time to write a genuine response to the idea of abstract development. This is why I value the Fishbowl: the commitment of people to their intellectual growth is moving and powerful. I learn from my peers in a way I never have in the past. It is refreshing to not be lectured about how I should feel about events and instead explore my feelings and perspectives about the world.

"change is an individual affair". In other words, to adjust our thought processes, we cannot rely on others and instead focus on the personal steps we can take to grow. Practicing for the LSAT is not an event that we can rely on other people to help us with. We are the only ones responsible and capable of shifting our way of thinking to match that of the test.

Change- to make the form, nature, content, future course, etc., of (something) different from what it is or from what it would be if left alone.

Individual- a single human being, as distinguished from a group.

Affair- anything done or to be done; anything requiring action or effort; business; concern.

nickcolicci

Posts: 248

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Immersive Technology

Sat Mar 07, 2020 11:43 am

The line "It can be intimidating sometimes to share experiences personal to you with classmates that are going to read it, but it also gives you a sense of achievement that you are infusing your own experiences to create knowledge in the world" by Olivia encapsulated the feelings I have each time I make a post in the Fishbowl. I am nervous to share my life with such a large group of people I do not know well. But, it is a way for others to grow as well, and thus I overcome the feelings of intimidation. If I did not infuse my own experiences into the world, or the events I encountered in my daily life, what kind of meaning would my life have? Would it be banaler? Would I be less motivated to see various perspectives and the take time to learn from others? Those are some questions I ask myself in the Fishbowl. They help me to hone in on the purpose of the Fishbowl and why I dedicate a large amount of time to it.

The Fishbowl, which Sanjiv describes as immersive technology, is the key to understanding each other. The same way I can use the Fishbowl to read letters and vocabulary from my peers, I can use the Fishbowl to help Sanjiv overcome some of the roadblocks he is having with the abstract. The process he is following for creating the letter is the process we should follow not only in the Fishbowl but in our organizations and work lives. If we pose a question, it needs to be of meaning and worth. We have to make someone understand why we posed a question, the meaning behind it, and ensure they have the ability to relate their own personal experiences.

nickcolicci

Posts: 248

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Facing a new complex structure

Sat Mar 07, 2020 6:06 pm

I have had the opportunity to have classes with Brady for the last few semesters. We have worked together in groups and shared ideas and personal experiences. In each conversation that I shared with Brady, I fully enjoyed the knowledge and information we exchanged. He is committed, motivated, and bold. His post in the Fishbowl does not surprise me; he is not afraid to be courageous and pursue the unknown. I am looking forward to reading more of Brady's posts to see the new steps he takes and how he improves over the course of the semester.

I shared similar feelings when I entered the Fishbowl. I was nervous and was not sure how others would view my postings. However, I decided to just go for it and start posting with vigor. I figured that if there was no concrete structure, I could not fail. It has been a mind-changing process for me; I am able to break down ideas, take ownership of words, and communicate with others. The goal is to continue to enhance these skills so I am better able to add value to my organizations. I honestly felt the improvement when I wrote my ten-page paper about the American presidency this week. My sentences were more clear and powerful and I was more able to convey the ideas and information I included in my paper. I believe there is only room to grow and I am very much looking forward to the rest of the semester.

nickcolicci

Posts: 248

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Re: Conceptual and human skills will come to the fore

Sun Mar 08, 2020 6:04 pm

The shift to more remote office work has been evident in recent years; people seem to be more productive and at ease when they are not restricted to working inside of an office. While I have not had many office jobs in the past, I can see why the atmosphere is less than ideal for some who prefer to work in comfort. It is interesting to consider whether or not at home work will or will not be more productive and profitable for organizations. With the coronavirus circulating, and more people choosing isolation, will organizational success stymie? Or, will the increase in productivity from a more comfortable work environment actually be beneficial for the company? No one is isolated; there is always a means to communicate and discuss ideas through text, calls, and Skype.

I believe that each college course that we take should focus on us developing our soft skills. After all, soft skills are the foundation for the overarching skills and knowledge that we need to complete a task presented to us. We must place a large emphasis on developing these soft skills because if not, we will be replaced by those who have such skills. Further reflecting on the aforementioned paragraph, when Caroline states "The key, in my opinion, is to make sure that you do not fall behind" raises an important question to organizations that allow their employees to work from home. I feel as if I have fallen behind in the Fishbowl now. It was a busy week and I was not able to lock into the Fishbowl and produce my reflections. However, I am catching up, albeit at a slow pace. I am hoping to capitalize on my free time to gain some lost ground.

nickcolicci

Posts: 248

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Re: Composition of text and images

Sun Mar 08, 2020 6:06 pm

Entering the unknown and pursuing new ideas alone can be daunting. I do not enjoy venturing outside of my comfort zone without the presence of a friend or companion. However, in this course none of us are ever alone; we have each other as a support system. I cannot imagine any of the concepts we are engaging in were familiar or easy most of us. I would argue all of us were not sure how to proceed given the freedom and lack of structure we were provided. Yet, we still have prevailed because we have each other. We can read other posts if we are stuck or we can reach out to our group members if we need advice. The community we have constructed in the Fishbowl allows us to avoid any roadblocks that we may encounter.

Each project and post I make will be stored in my memory as a resource and guideline for future endeavors. They show signs of my progress and the little steps I have taken along the way of my development. I also hope to have the opportunity to share these posts and contributions with future friends and employers. They are representative of who I am. I have shared many experiences and ideas that float around in my head in the Fishbowl. They have allowed me to conceptualize my experiences and understand them on a more structural level. Thanks to Kevin for his posts. I am excited to write my own story and history; this has always been my goal and I feel it in reach.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/9/2020 12:34:39
Subject: abstract development-4 (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Everything has been stripped away and this morning the opening paragraph of the Abstract reads as follows below. This opening statement, the opening structure, the opening sentence, the opening syntax have to be thought through trial and error which takes focus and meditation and contemplation. After that, Method and methodology and then finally the Outcome, what happened? Something like that...reviewers like to see some clear things: what is the purpose, how are you doing it, what happened, and lastly, the question: so what?

Land is in sight on the horizon, as we ‘gaze' at each other. We have learnt that fear isolates us, imagination connects us. Please see Nick Colicci’s postings below.

Draft Para for Abstract:

Our paper presents a new kind of sharing between author/reader and writer/viewer that transmits a social imaginary and puts into play active humanistic participation. We present a heuristic for ‘reading’ and ‘writing’ in the context of online sharing that is egalitarian, horizontal and non-hierarchical. We are 120 participants (students mostly, at the University of Rhode Island) presenting the ‘way’ in which we make possible the formulation of our text (that is, raise questions) and its subsequent transformation into knowledge (that is, innovative felt-experiences). In other words, we’re presenting the ‘manner’ in which we produced categories and concepts for ordering, organizing, and transmitting knowledge among ourselves. In so doing, it came as a revelation that the more we “immersed” ourselves in something, the more we “connected” to universal processes. The deeper we went, the farther we could see all around. Our simulated world, we call The Fishbowl, created a surrounding sensory feeling of immersion and humanistic participation. 

Sanjiv

GAZE, FOCUS, MEDITATE, CONTEMPLATE

from the fishbowl...

nickcolicci

Posts: 248

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Developing Models

Sun Mar 01, 2020 8:36 pm

The simple line "We need to be receptive to change" from Dawson was very powerful. In seven words, Dawson drove home the solution to what seems to be our biggest issue in society today. We are cemented in our ways and often unwilling to bend even if it is in the best interest of our organization. This how culture needs to be fostered in the organizations we structure. Our emphasis should be placed on making the organizational flexible and conducive to hearing a wide variety of recommendations and opinions. If we pursue a goal with little desire to deviate from our trajected course, how are we to handle adversity? Keeping our eyes and options open is how we will add value to the organization.

In reading this letter, I compared the Fishbowl to the baseball teams I coach. I reference baseball quite often, but I believe it is because of the similarities in the two organizations. Regardless, Sanjiv is "committed to fostering creative and critical thinkers who innovate with ease, who are not rattled by uncertainty, who move agilely from one form of output to another, and who can communicate in multiple ways with acuity and clarity". I am seeking to do the same for the players on my team. Game scenarios are random and cannot be predicted, so each player must be prepared to effectively handle anything that is thrown their way. Further, these skills can be translated as they move through levels and seek to compete with more advanced players.

The phrase "'crumbling systems and structures" caught my eyes. I interpreted this phrase to mean that the makeup and design of organizations are collapsing and are becoming ineffective. In business, we are often introduced to organizations who have a collapsing structure. It is our job to analyze, dissect, and develop solutions to these challenges. For example, if our baseball team is struggling, it is my responsibility to identify the problem and come up with a solution.

Crumbling- to fall into small pieces; break or part into small fragments.

Systems- an assemblage or combination of things or parts forming a complex or unitary whole.

Structures- mode of building, construction, or organization; arrangement of parts, elements, or constituents.

nickcolicci

Posts: 248

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Abstract Development

 Sun Mar 01, 2020 9:12 pm

"forming a cohesive culture among ourselves". This line can be reconstructed to mean that in the Fishbowl, we are constructing interpretations and posts as a means to develop a sense of unity. This unity will grow our culture and enhance our abilities to interact with one another in a way that yields productive results. I believe being a member of a family encompasses the responsibility of forming a cohesive culture among ourselves. In order to have a tight-knit family, we are responsible for connecting on a deeper level. My family traveled as a means to create a cohesive culture and share experiences. It was a fun and different way of spending time together and creating memories.

Forming- bring together parts or combine to create (something).

Cohesive- the act or state of cohering, uniting, or sticking together.

Culture- the quality in a person or society that arises from a concern for what is regarded as excellent in arts, letters, manners, scholarly pursuits, etc.

Among- in, into, or through the midst of; in association or connection with; surrounded by.

Ourselves- a reflexive form of we (used as the direct or indirect object of a verb or the direct object of a preposition).

With technology growing, I expect to be doing business and working with others through computers or at least online. Due to this, we must get comfortable communicating by typing words. We can practice this in the Fishbowl to gain familiarity. We must learn the most efficient methods and processes because we will be able to implement them into the organizational design we seek to enact as we become organizational leaders. In the Fishbowl, we are being exposed to a variety of ideas and mental structures. In doing this, we are able to open our minds to new perspectives and ultimately enhance our ability to add value. We must embrace the change and pursue to combine our differences to build strengths.

nickcolicci

Posts: 248

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Staying Connected Through Reflections

Sat Mar 07, 2020 10:50 am

The opportunity to travel for spring break is exciting for me; I am anxious to take a break from the cold of Rhode Island and explore the warm area of St. Petersburg. While I may not be able to post my responses each day, I certainly will be thinking about them every chance that I get as a means to understand the structure of others and apply my own experiences. I can explore with a sense of abstraction and break down the interactions I have with those that I encounter. It will be an opportunity for me to take a step back from my hectic life and reflect on what I have accomplished this semester thus far.

I went to Florida in November of 2019 to visit my friends in Gainesville, Florida. It was a short trip, I left on a Friday and came back on a Monday. Even the four days I was gone I was happy to eat at different restaurants, meet new people, and see a Florida Gators football game. It helped me to understand how each culture and group of people have their own traditions that make their experiences unique. I am hoping for this same satisfaction this upcoming week. I always encourage my friends to attend a southern college football game. I recommend this not for the football, but the unique traditions each college and its students have on game day. It is a great insight into a culture.

As Andrea said, I hope spring break is an "Opportunity to do nothing." I work best when my brain can take a break, relax, and process the events in my life. It is hard to do this in a time of high stress and school work. To be successful, we need to value the time we have with little to no responsibility and learn to make that time our own.

nickcolicci

Posts: 248

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Personal Empowerment

Sat Mar 07, 2020 11:13 am

I have always worked to assume my own personal power. To me, personal power is the ability to face any challenge head-on and beat it. I believe the act of assuming personal power leads to personal empowerment, which provides me the opportunity to walk into any organization and make my mark. What is the fun of sitting behind the scenes? The pursuit of personal empower is not an easy one, as Sanjiv explained that we need to rethink and reshape the world around us. This takes trial and error because we have to be active participants in the process of deconstruction, looking at the world and other interactions at a more abstract and conceptual level, as we attempt to apply our meaning to these events.

Everyone in the Fishbowl is practicing and building these skills so when we enter the professional world, we can add value and bring the contract home. Each word and sentence we break down is preparing us for unique interactions and events for us to remember. Amiel's post was very powerful. He took the time to write a genuine response to the idea of abstract development. This is why I value the Fishbowl: the commitment of people to their intellectual growth is moving and powerful. I learn from my peers in a way I never have in the past. It is refreshing to not be lectured about how I should feel about events and instead explore my feelings and perspectives about the world.

"change is an individual affair". In other words, to adjust our thought processes, we cannot rely on others and instead focus on the personal steps we can take to grow. Practicing for the LSAT is not an event that we can rely on other people to help us with. We are the only ones responsible and capable of shifting our way of thinking to match that of the test.

Change- to make the form, nature, content, future course, etc., of (something) different from what it is or from what it would be if left alone.

Individual- a single human being, as distinguished from a group.

Affair- anything done or to be done; anything requiring action or effort; business; concern.

nickcolicci

Posts: 248

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Immersive Technology

Sat Mar 07, 2020 11:43 am

The line "It can be intimidating sometimes to share experiences personal to you with classmates that are going to read it, but it also gives you a sense of achievement that you are infusing your own experiences to create knowledge in the world" by Olivia encapsulated the feelings I have each time I make a post in the Fishbowl. I am nervous to share my life with such a large group of people I do not know well. But, it is a way for others to grow as well, and thus I overcome the feelings of intimidation. If I did not infuse my own experiences into the world, or the events I encountered in my daily life, what kind of meaning would my life have? Would it be banaler? Would I be less motivated to see various perspectives and the take time to learn from others? Those are some questions I ask myself in the Fishbowl. They help me to hone in on the purpose of the Fishbowl and why I dedicate a large amount of time to it.

The Fishbowl, which Sanjiv describes as immersive technology, is the key to understanding each other. The same way I can use the Fishbowl to read letters and vocabulary from my peers, I can use the Fishbowl to help Sanjiv overcome some of the roadblocks he is having with the abstract. The process he is following for creating the letter is the process we should follow not only in the Fishbowl but in our organizations and work lives. If we pose a question, it needs to be of meaning and worth. We have to make someone understand why we posed a question, the meaning behind it, and ensure they have the ability to relate their own personal experiences.

nickcolicci

Posts: 248

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Facing a new complex structure

Sat Mar 07, 2020 6:06 pm

I have had the opportunity to have classes with Brady for the last few semesters. We have worked together in groups and shared ideas and personal experiences. In each conversation that I shared with Brady, I fully enjoyed the knowledge and information we exchanged. He is committed, motivated, and bold. His post in the Fishbowl does not surprise me; he is not afraid to be courageous and pursue the unknown. I am looking forward to reading more of Brady's posts to see the new steps he takes and how he improves over the course of the semester.

I shared similar feelings when I entered the Fishbowl. I was nervous and was not sure how others would view my postings. However, I decided to just go for it and start posting with vigor. I figured that if there was no concrete structure, I could not fail. It has been a mind-changing process for me; I am able to break down ideas, take ownership of words, and communicate with others. The goal is to continue to enhance these skills so I am better able to add value to my organizations. I honestly felt the improvement when I wrote my ten-page paper about the American presidency this week. My sentences were more clear and powerful and I was more able to convey the ideas and information I included in my paper. I believe there is only room to grow and I am very much looking forward to the rest of the semester.

nickcolicci

Posts: 248

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Re: Conceptual and human skills will come to the fore

Sun Mar 08, 2020 6:04 pm

The shift to more remote office work has been evident in recent years; people seem to be more productive and at ease when they are not restricted to working inside of an office. While I have not had many office jobs in the past, I can see why the atmosphere is less than ideal for some who prefer to work in comfort. It is interesting to consider whether or not at home work will or will not be more productive and profitable for organizations. With the coronavirus circulating, and more people choosing isolation, will organizational success stymie? Or, will the increase in productivity from a more comfortable work environment actually be beneficial for the company? No one is isolated; there is always a means to communicate and discuss ideas through text, calls, and Skype.

I believe that each college course that we take should focus on us developing our soft skills. After all, soft skills are the foundation for the overarching skills and knowledge that we need to complete a task presented to us. We must place a large emphasis on developing these soft skills because if not, we will be replaced by those who have such skills. Further reflecting on the aforementioned paragraph, when Caroline states "The key, in my opinion, is to make sure that you do not fall behind" raises an important question to organizations that allow their employees to work from home. I feel as if I have fallen behind in the Fishbowl now. It was a busy week and I was not able to lock into the Fishbowl and produce my reflections. However, I am catching up, albeit at a slow pace. I am hoping to capitalize on my free time to gain some lost ground.

nickcolicci

Posts: 248

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Re: Composition of text and images

Sun Mar 08, 2020 6:06 pm

Entering the unknown and pursuing new ideas alone can be daunting. I do not enjoy venturing outside of my comfort zone without the presence of a friend or companion. However, in this course none of us are ever alone; we have each other as a support system. I cannot imagine any of the concepts we are engaging in were familiar or easy most of us. I would argue all of us were not sure how to proceed given the freedom and lack of structure we were provided. Yet, we still have prevailed because we have each other. We can read other posts if we are stuck or we can reach out to our group members if we need advice. The community we have constructed in the Fishbowl allows us to avoid any roadblocks that we may encounter.

Each project and post I make will be stored in my memory as a resource and guideline for future endeavors. They show signs of my progress and the little steps I have taken along the way of my development. I also hope to have the opportunity to share these posts and contributions with future friends and employers. They are representative of who I am. I have shared many experiences and ideas that float around in my head in the Fishbowl. They have allowed me to conceptualize my experiences and understand them on a more structural level. Thanks to Kevin for his posts. I am excited to write my own story and history; this has always been my goal and I feel it in reach.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/8/2020 14:21:53
Subject: abstract development-3 (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I better get down to writing (drafting on the draft board) today. This morning I'm thinking and feeling that the Abstract could begin with the notion of virtual community. That’s what we are, you’d agree. 

Got to make thoughts flow (water metaphor) by writing it out.

and/or

Got to make words flow (electricity metaphor) by thinking it out.

In other words, we are searching for meaning by sorting, sifting, and selecting words. 

Fleeting moments, ephemeral images, transient feelings. Flying by the seat of our pants (metaphor).

Our Abstract must talk about HOW we have begun “sharing" in our virtual community called the fishbowl. Next we show our process, that is, how we are doing it (let’s call it: deconstruct and infuse, only for the time-being), and finally reveal ourselves to ourselves in "structures of feelings” (please google Raymond Williams) in the final paper.

I think it is inevitable that we define intersubjectivity and intertextuality as part of our creative process and practice. PLease see Amiel Lopez’s thoughts, images, words on Abstract Development below. The doing is in the saying and writing.

Sanjiv

DEVELOPMENT, VIRTUAL, COMMUNITY, SHARING, “STRUCTURES OF FEELINGS’ (RAYMOND WILLIAMS)

from the fishbowl...

Amiel

Posts: 70

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: ABSTRACT DEVELOPMENT

Mon Mar 02, 2020 3:13 pm

#37

"A way of explaining a feeling about someone" and "People living together forming new ideas". This is the path to abstract development. The "Hermeneutic Perspective" of Gadamer is "A way of explaining a feeling about someone". The "Social Imaginary" of Charles Taylor is "People living together forming new ideas". We are approaching the point in time where we must let people know how we feel. We must live together before we can form new ideas. There is no "I" in the Fisbowl there is only "Us". We are learning to develop unity and cohesion among those who live with in the "Fishbowl". There is too much silence among us and why is that? We must interact amongst each other. The fishbowl has no hierarchy we are all equal, there is no barriers between us. We are all in the fishbowl together and once we begin to feel for one another we will create a social sharing of knowledge and information. Alone one can not form new ideas, it is the people living and interacting together that will form new transformational ideas. For example the day that I walked into my first shift of my first job I was terrified. I was hired at Domino's Pizza in Riverside, Rhode Island to be a pizza delivery boy. Like most high school students we didn't know a whole lot about what it really meant to work a long shift all we really knew was that we wanted money to buy things. I was surrounded by an unfamiliar atmosphere one that I had not previously known. I was thankfully guided by the Store Manager at the time he was young and quite friendly and we could relate pretty well. As I began to familiarize myself with the routine over the first weeks I began to realize that I really didn't like the work I was doing but I knew I needed cash for a new car. I wasn't to familiar with my co-workers and I honestly didn't know much about them and they didn't know much more about me other than my name. I began to feel a sense of loneliness. I simply felt I was only there to do my job as the mechanistic organization would want. I knew I wanted to change the way I felt and as I began to make myself familiar and safe within my surroundings I eventually became more and more curious. I had reached the moment in which I wanted to create understanding amongst those I would be interacting with in the "Fishbowl" so I began asking questions and opening up to those who where around me. I began to gain a sense of understanding while at the same time learning some valuable tips that would help me succeed. The more we began to explain to each other how we felt the more we had bonded and unionized. Eventually we where so familiar with ourselves after two months everything became so effortless. We had changed the way we worked after the time we spent living together. We had become such a close group of people from different backgrounds and different ways of life. We were all brought together by a common goal. Like the great President Abraham Lincoln once said "A house divided can not stand". The "house" in other words the "fishbowl" cannot be divided. The responsibility amongst us now is create this sense of unity, secureness, and familiarity so we can begin constructing new ideas together with the digital benefits that surround us in today's business world.

Amiel

Posts: 70

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: Lopez: STAYING CONNECTED THROUGH REFLECTIONS

Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:30 pm

#38

Last edited by Amiel on Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:33 pm, edited 1 time in total.

Amiel

Posts: 70

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: Lopez: PERSONAL EMPOWERMENT

Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:31 pm

#39

Amiel

Posts: 70

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: Lopez: IMMERSIVE TECHNOLOGY

Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:32 pm

#40

Amiel

Posts: 70

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: Lopez: FACING A NEW COMPLEX STRUCTURE

Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:34 pm

#41

"Many interconnecting parts or elements and a quality of being organized". This deconstruction of complex structures is what we face to move into a quality of being organized. Like the good old saying you must first crawl before you can walk. Figuring out the interconnecting parts or elements of the fishbowl is what we have faced it is a method of transitioning quality of organization. The more interdependence and the more adjustments we must make the more we will be interconnecting. We are learning to create value and add value with this play on words. From where I first started to this current point I feel in a position of pivotal change and I'm coming to realize the importance of adapting to a new complex structures such as the fishbowl. It has been a slow progression and a late start but non the less the complexity has awakened me to develop the understanding of these interconnection parts.

Last edited by Amiel on Thu Mar 05, 2020 10:51 pm, edited 2 times in total.

Amiel

Posts: 70

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: Lopez: CONCEPTUAL AND HUMAN SKILLS WILL COME TO THE FORE

Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:36 pm

#42

"The element of a person that enables them to be aware of the world and their experiences to do something well". This can represent the conceptual human skills that will present themselves as the solution to lasting change in the office. The concept of utilizing an office or space of gathering to complete daily jobs is at the core of the financial times article and Professor Rowley's letter of conceptual human skills. The issue of office vs remote work is at the forefront of how "soft" skills may play a more vital role in managing and navigating unfamiliarity. Caroline Morganelli 's post fit's perfectly within the "soft" skills we must posses to further advance and grow. She speaks about the adjustments she had to make to familiarize and understand the meaning of the fishbowl. First you must solve to understand complex structures. It is the time we put in that will allow us to retain these invaluable skills. From my own experiences I've always had to learn the hard way to adapt to challenging settings . At times there would be difficulties in navigating how to better improve and grow my own "soft" skills when I first began my education here at URI. At times I was probably the least prepared and there would be times where I was the most prepared. The challenges I encounter and to this day encounter on occasion are those we spend the longest time contemplating and thinking about after realizing the impact of certain decisions. It starts with the attitude and approach one conceptualizes that will provide the understanding of complexity and its function in understanding the organizational design skills that will lead to the change.

Last edited by Amiel on Thu Mar 05, 2020 8:38 pm, edited 1 time in total.

Amiel

Posts: 70

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: Lopez: COMPOSITION OF TEXT AND IMAGES

Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:36 pm

#43

"An arrangement of elements in a point of view". Kevin Bugge's posting sums up the essence of what we must frame to coincide with the images. The creativity and conceptual`basis in which we must perform to create a composition that are a creation of meaning, felt experiences, and images to create a point of view. The (10+1) steps will bring together the creation of a memory that was developed into an arrangement of text and memorable images that helped us come to a solution of change and design.

Amiel

Posts: 70

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

UNCOVERING STRUCTURES

Fri Mar 06, 2020 12:31 pm

#44

"People acting together with a common interest and clear and definite actions of sharing something". The social worlds that we revolve around exist twice for a reason. The "physical" world which involves people acting together with a common interest, and second the "mental" world which is intangible. The mental uncovering is the activities that arrive around our clear and definite actions of sharing something which involves the conduct, thoughts, feelings, and judgements we make. Our role of uncovering structures derives from our dual lives. Its the classification of decisions that cause us to reevaluate and create meaning. I'm in the process of formulating and creating a template of knowledge and social facts to fundamentally understand what is happening. We uncover new structures daily and each comes with a new challenge and a new approach and the values we carry will be the most crucial force. Understanding the causation and effect is all metaphorically representing the "uncovering of structures".

Amiel

Posts: 70

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

HUMAN SPECIES

Sat Mar 07, 2020 9:58 pm

#45

What really stood out to me from Bruce Aylward's concept is the idea of "Absolutely fundamental change". I understood this to be "Emphasizing the central importance of becoming different". Relating this all to the human species we may all come from different or similar backgrounds, share different beliefs, and differ in ways of thinking but at the end of the day we are all part of the human race. Understanding our differences and our similarities by connecting and sharing through the fishbowl is a way of understanding this methodology. The world is becoming more and more globalized as we keep heading into the future. With the technology and advances in communication that surround us today we can create this "absolute fundamental change". The fishbowl is allowing us to understand one another and how each other feels. We are so used to keeping to ourselves, minding our own business, and not disclosing to much about ourselves but this is contrary to the "emphasizing the central importance of becoming different". The fear is that we are alienating ourselves from one another when it is moments like these where we have to move out of these "small unit mentalities" and start thinking big. Really big. I keep hearing people in public, on tv, and in articles regarding coronavirus saying that 80% of people fair relatively well fighting off the virus and then 20%(usually the elderly) are the ones who represent the more serious cases. Many of us are taking this for granted for the sole reason it may not affect ourselves. This is why we must emphasize becoming different in our mentality. When we only recognize ourselves we forget what is affecting others around the world. We all have to participate in the change. Locally there have been issues among people who are breaking quarantine. When we break quarantine we are exposing others to the risk of sickness as well. These actions are self benefiting. Do these actions of exposing others when knowingly ill benefit the larger community around us or the "human race" absolutely not. Because of a simple fundamental difference in thinking the individual did not realize his actions could evolve into the possible deaths of senior citizens or elderly in our community. Being able to all be connected and in accordance with one another like the World Health Organization has been with their colleagues around the world it allows them to be effective in achieving their common goal of improving health around the world. The challenges we face together must start with understanding where the differences lay. The fishbowl allows us to bring our ideas together and share them amongst a community. This sense of relationship building and understanding will help improve our flaws.

SPECIES- a group subordinate to a genus and containing individuals agreeing in some common attributes and called by a common name

HUMAN- a human being, especially a person as distinguished from an animal

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/8/2020 14:21:18
Subject: abstract development-3 (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I better get down to writing (drafting on the draft board) today. This morning I'm thinking and feeling that the Abstract could begin with the notion of virtual community. That’s what we are, you’d agree. 

Got to make thoughts flow (water metaphor) by writing it out.

and/or

Got to make words flow (electricity metaphor) by thinking it out.

In other words, we are searching for meaning by sorting, sifting, and selecting words. 

Fleeting moments, ephemeral images, transient feelings. Flying by the seat of our pants (metaphor).

Our Abstract must talk about HOW we have begun “sharing" in our virtual community called the fishbowl. Next we show our process, that is, how we are doing it (let’s call it: deconstruct and infuse, only for the time-being), and finally reveal ourselves to ourselves in "structures of feelings” (please google Raymond Williams) in the final paper.

I think it is inevitable that we define intersubjectivity and intertextuality as part of our creative process and practice. PLease see Amiel Lopez’s thoughts, images, words on Abstract Development below. The doing is in the saying and writing.

Sanjiv

DEVELOPMENT, VIRTUAL, COMMUNITY, SHARING, “STRUCTURES OF FEELINGS’ (RAYMOND WILLIAMS)

from the fishbowl...

Amiel

Posts: 70

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: ABSTRACT DEVELOPMENT

Mon Mar 02, 2020 3:13 pm

#37

"A way of explaining a feeling about someone" and "People living together forming new ideas". This is the path to abstract development. The "Hermeneutic Perspective" of Gadamer is "A way of explaining a feeling about someone". The "Social Imaginary" of Charles Taylor is "People living together forming new ideas". We are approaching the point in time where we must let people know how we feel. We must live together before we can form new ideas. There is no "I" in the Fisbowl there is only "Us". We are learning to develop unity and cohesion among those who live with in the "Fishbowl". There is too much silence among us and why is that? We must interact amongst each other. The fishbowl has no hierarchy we are all equal, there is no barriers between us. We are all in the fishbowl together and once we begin to feel for one another we will create a social sharing of knowledge and information. Alone one can not form new ideas, it is the people living and interacting together that will form new transformational ideas. For example the day that I walked into my first shift of my first job I was terrified. I was hired at Domino's Pizza in Riverside, Rhode Island to be a pizza delivery boy. Like most high school students we didn't know a whole lot about what it really meant to work a long shift all we really knew was that we wanted money to buy things. I was surrounded by an unfamiliar atmosphere one that I had not previously known. I was thankfully guided by the Store Manager at the time he was young and quite friendly and we could relate pretty well. As I began to familiarize myself with the routine over the first weeks I began to realize that I really didn't like the work I was doing but I knew I needed cash for a new car. I wasn't to familiar with my co-workers and I honestly didn't know much about them and they didn't know much more about me other than my name. I began to feel a sense of loneliness. I simply felt I was only there to do my job as the mechanistic organization would want. I knew I wanted to change the way I felt and as I began to make myself familiar and safe within my surroundings I eventually became more and more curious. I had reached the moment in which I wanted to create understanding amongst those I would be interacting with in the "Fishbowl" so I began asking questions and opening up to those who where around me. I began to gain a sense of understanding while at the same time learning some valuable tips that would help me succeed. The more we began to explain to each other how we felt the more we had bonded and unionized. Eventually we where so familiar with ourselves after two months everything became so effortless. We had changed the way we worked after the time we spent living together. We had become such a close group of people from different backgrounds and different ways of life. We were all brought together by a common goal. Like the great President Abraham Lincoln once said "A house divided can not stand". The "house" in other words the "fishbowl" cannot be divided. The responsibility amongst us now is create this sense of unity, secureness, and familiarity so we can begin constructing new ideas together with the digital benefits that surround us in today's business world.

Amiel

Posts: 70

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: Lopez: STAYING CONNECTED THROUGH REFLECTIONS

Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:30 pm

#38

Last edited by Amiel on Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:33 pm, edited 1 time in total.

Amiel

Posts: 70

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: Lopez: PERSONAL EMPOWERMENT

Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:31 pm

#39

Amiel

Posts: 70

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: Lopez: IMMERSIVE TECHNOLOGY

Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:32 pm

#40

Amiel

Posts: 70

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: Lopez: FACING A NEW COMPLEX STRUCTURE

Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:34 pm

#41

"Many interconnecting parts or elements and a quality of being organized". This deconstruction of complex structures is what we face to move into a quality of being organized. Like the good old saying you must first crawl before you can walk. Figuring out the interconnecting parts or elements of the fishbowl is what we have faced it is a method of transitioning quality of organization. The more interdependence and the more adjustments we must make the more we will be interconnecting. We are learning to create value and add value with this play on words. From where I first started to this current point I feel in a position of pivotal change and I'm coming to realize the importance of adapting to a new complex structures such as the fishbowl. It has been a slow progression and a late start but non the less the complexity has awakened me to develop the understanding of these interconnection parts.

Last edited by Amiel on Thu Mar 05, 2020 10:51 pm, edited 2 times in total.

Amiel

Posts: 70

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: Lopez: CONCEPTUAL AND HUMAN SKILLS WILL COME TO THE FORE

Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:36 pm

#42

"The element of a person that enables them to be aware of the world and their experiences to do something well". This can represent the conceptual human skills that will present themselves as the solution to lasting change in the office. The concept of utilizing an office or space of gathering to complete daily jobs is at the core of the financial times article and Professor Rowley's letter of conceptual human skills. The issue of office vs remote work is at the forefront of how "soft" skills may play a more vital role in managing and navigating unfamiliarity. Caroline Morganelli 's post fit's perfectly within the "soft" skills we must posses to further advance and grow. She speaks about the adjustments she had to make to familiarize and understand the meaning of the fishbowl. First you must solve to understand complex structures. It is the time we put in that will allow us to retain these invaluable skills. From my own experiences I've always had to learn the hard way to adapt to challenging settings . At times there would be difficulties in navigating how to better improve and grow my own "soft" skills when I first began my education here at URI. At times I was probably the least prepared and there would be times where I was the most prepared. The challenges I encounter and to this day encounter on occasion are those we spend the longest time contemplating and thinking about after realizing the impact of certain decisions. It starts with the attitude and approach one conceptualizes that will provide the understanding of complexity and its function in understanding the organizational design skills that will lead to the change.

Last edited by Amiel on Thu Mar 05, 2020 8:38 pm, edited 1 time in total.

Amiel

Posts: 70

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: Lopez: COMPOSITION OF TEXT AND IMAGES

Thu Mar 05, 2020 7:36 pm

#43

"An arrangement of elements in a point of view". Kevin Bugge's posting sums up the essence of what we must frame to coincide with the images. The creativity and conceptual`basis in which we must perform to create a composition that are a creation of meaning, felt experiences, and images to create a point of view. The (10+1) steps will bring together the creation of a memory that was developed into an arrangement of text and memorable images that helped us come to a solution of change and design.

Amiel

Posts: 70

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

UNCOVERING STRUCTURES

Fri Mar 06, 2020 12:31 pm

#44

"People acting together with a common interest and clear and definite actions of sharing something". The social worlds that we revolve around exist twice for a reason. The "physical" world which involves people acting together with a common interest, and second the "mental" world which is intangible. The mental uncovering is the activities that arrive around our clear and definite actions of sharing something which involves the conduct, thoughts, feelings, and judgements we make. Our role of uncovering structures derives from our dual lives. Its the classification of decisions that cause us to reevaluate and create meaning. I'm in the process of formulating and creating a template of knowledge and social facts to fundamentally understand what is happening. We uncover new structures daily and each comes with a new challenge and a new approach and the values we carry will be the most crucial force. Understanding the causation and effect is all metaphorically representing the "uncovering of structures".

Amiel

Posts: 70

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

HUMAN SPECIES

Sat Mar 07, 2020 9:58 pm

#45

What really stood out to me from Bruce Aylward's concept is the idea of "Absolutely fundamental change". I understood this to be "Emphasizing the central importance of becoming different". Relating this all to the human species we may all come from different or similar backgrounds, share different beliefs, and differ in ways of thinking but at the end of the day we are all part of the human race. Understanding our differences and our similarities by connecting and sharing through the fishbowl is a way of understanding this methodology. The world is becoming more and more globalized as we keep heading into the future. With the technology and advances in communication that surround us today we can create this "absolute fundamental change". The fishbowl is allowing us to understand one another and how each other feels. We are so used to keeping to ourselves, minding our own business, and not disclosing to much about ourselves but this is contrary to the "emphasizing the central importance of becoming different". The fear is that we are alienating ourselves from one another when it is moments like these where we have to move out of these "small unit mentalities" and start thinking big. Really big. I keep hearing people in public, on tv, and in articles regarding coronavirus saying that 80% of people fair relatively well fighting off the virus and then 20%(usually the elderly) are the ones who represent the more serious cases. Many of us are taking this for granted for the sole reason it may not affect ourselves. This is why we must emphasize becoming different in our mentality. When we only recognize ourselves we forget what is affecting others around the world. We all have to participate in the change. Locally there have been issues among people who are breaking quarantine. When we break quarantine we are exposing others to the risk of sickness as well. These actions are self benefiting. Do these actions of exposing others when knowingly ill benefit the larger community around us or the "human race" absolutely not. Because of a simple fundamental difference in thinking the individual did not realize his actions could evolve into the possible deaths of senior citizens or elderly in our community. Being able to all be connected and in accordance with one another like the World Health Organization has been with their colleagues around the world it allows them to be effective in achieving their common goal of improving health around the world. The challenges we face together must start with understanding where the differences lay. The fishbowl allows us to bring our ideas together and share them amongst a community. This sense of relationship building and understanding will help improve our flaws.

SPECIES- a group subordinate to a genus and containing individuals agreeing in some common attributes and called by a common name

HUMAN- a human being, especially a person as distinguished from an animal

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/8/2020 1:38:24
Subject: humanity vs dogma (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Any of your postings in your fishbowls can be The Abstract. An important question confronting us today is: How to be in touch with our humanity and not give-in to dogma in the face of a viral global attack. We are watching a historic human melodrama of the most tragic kind occurring in front of our eyes. We don’t know the outcome as we watch the trajectory of its storyline. The last time I watched anything close was the image of Twin Towers coming down in NYC. Life is never the same afterwards.

What our paper might address is: How To Stay in Touch with Humanity and not give-in to Dogma in a Digital world. Tiana Martinez says it most eloquently.

Sanjiv

HUMANITY, DOGMA, 

from the fishbowl...

TianaMartinez

Posts: 113

Joined: Fri Jan 24, 2020 2:07 pm

Contact: Contact TianaMartinez

Re: Letter Interpretations

Wed Feb 26, 2020 2:46 pm

CREATING VISUAL SPACES AND SPECTACLES

As we create abstractions in our fishbowls, we are connecting across cultures in the way that we are writing our personal felt experiences and allowing our readers to think further about their personal life as it relates to our experience. As we write personal expressions, we are giving our class members a way to connect on a deeper level with us and the experiences that we go through. As we write about what we go through and what it means to us, we are creating a culture because our readers are also explaining what it means to them and a similar or dissimilar past experience that they have had. I personally find myself doing this more and more as I read each post that people have been posting. As I read about their experiences, I feel as though a connection is growing there because it makes me more aware of the fact that we all have similarities in what we go through. Even if I do not experience the same things as some people, it still forces me to place myself in their shoes and try to understand the experience that they went through, thus allowing me to understand why they think and express themselves in the way that they do. This is something that makes the fishbowl more powerful because it shows that we create value based on both our differences as well as our similarities. When I push myself to step out of my own thoughts and try to understand another person's, I feel my intellectual mind growing because I am able to experience the true reason for working in a virtual world amongst other people. The fishbowl is also allowing me to get into the habit of expressing the way that I feel and the way that my mind thinks freely. I have not been someone who expresses themselves, instead I tend to keep everything in and to myself, but as I write my abstractions, it allows me to become more comfortable doing this.

Society of the Spectacle by Guy Debord is a book which focuses on examining society's image based culture. He explains how to him, the spectacle is the reign of the market economy and it is brought about by mass media. Although this may sound confusing to some, it is not as incomprehensible as it may sound. We see the spectacle everywhere we look whether it is in the ads we see posted all over the place or even the ads that pop up from our computers. For Debord, the spectacle is unacceptable and it degrades our lives. Some may agree while some may possibly disagree, but everyone is entitled to their own opinions because not everyone has the same culture. The difference is, although a disagreement is brought about, an understanding can be found.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/8/2020 1:37:16
Subject: humanity vs dogma (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Any of your postings in your fishbowls can be The Abstract. An important question confronting us today is: How to be in touch with our humanity and not give-in to dogma in the face of a viral global attack. We are watching a historic human melodrama of the most tragic kind occurring in front of our eyes. We don’t know the outcome as we watch the trajectory of its storyline. The last time I watched anything close was the image of Twin Towers coming down in NYC. Life is never the same afterwards.

What our paper might address is: How To Stay in Touch with Humanity and not give-in to Dogma in a Digital world. Tiana Martinez says it most eloquently.

Sanjiv

HUMANITY, DOGMA, 

from the fishbowl...

TianaMartinez

Posts: 113

Joined: Fri Jan 24, 2020 2:07 pm

Contact: Contact TianaMartinez

Re: Letter Interpretations

Wed Feb 26, 2020 2:46 pm

CREATING VISUAL SPACES AND SPECTACLES

As we create abstractions in our fishbowls, we are connecting across cultures in the way that we are writing our personal felt experiences and allowing our readers to think further about their personal life as it relates to our experience. As we write personal expressions, we are giving our class members a way to connect on a deeper level with us and the experiences that we go through. As we write about what we go through and what it means to us, we are creating a culture because our readers are also explaining what it means to them and a similar or dissimilar past experience that they have had. I personally find myself doing this more and more as I read each post that people have been posting. As I read about their experiences, I feel as though a connection is growing there because it makes me more aware of the fact that we all have similarities in what we go through. Even if I do not experience the same things as some people, it still forces me to place myself in their shoes and try to understand the experience that they went through, thus allowing me to understand why they think and express themselves in the way that they do. This is something that makes the fishbowl more powerful because it shows that we create value based on both our differences as well as our similarities. When I push myself to step out of my own thoughts and try to understand another person's, I feel my intellectual mind growing because I am able to experience the true reason for working in a virtual world amongst other people. The fishbowl is also allowing me to get into the habit of expressing the way that I feel and the way that my mind thinks freely. I have not been someone who expresses themselves, instead I tend to keep everything in and to myself, but as I write my abstractions, it allows me to become more comfortable doing this.

Society of the Spectacle by Guy Debord is a book which focuses on examining society's image based culture. He explains how to him, the spectacle is the reign of the market economy and it is brought about by mass media. Although this may sound confusing to some, it is not as incomprehensible as it may sound. We see the spectacle everywhere we look whether it is in the ads we see posted all over the place or even the ads that pop up from our computers. For Debord, the spectacle is unacceptable and it degrades our lives. Some may agree while some may possibly disagree, but everyone is entitled to their own opinions because not everyone has the same culture. The difference is, although a disagreement is brought about, an understanding can be found.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/7/2020 23:48:29
Subject: human species (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Your fishbowl reflections are a category of learning that holds up a mirror to us as human beings as to who we really are. That is to say, they obviously have everything to do with our relationship to our lives. They also reflect our relationships with the environment—the built environment that we create (our abstractions in the fishbowl) and the natural environment that responds. Your fishbowls show the moral relationships that we have toward each other as people, and we’re seeing that in your postings.

The main part of preparedness to face global challenges is that we need as human beings to realize that we’re all in this together, that what affects one person anywhere affects everyone everywhere, that we are therefore inevitably part of a species, and we need to think in that way rather than about divisions of race and ethnicity, economic status, and all the rest of it. The way we respond to things like cross-dressers (Kinky Boots), is often a function of our racial or ethnic or religious views rather than our general humanity, and our responses have shown the flaws of human beings in some way. 

But it’s also true that the way that we respond very much depends on our values, our commitments, and our sense of being part of the human race and not smaller units. Bruce Aylward, who led the W.H.O. mission to China said upon his return: "the major thing that needs to happen, if we are to be prepared now and in the future, there has to be an absolutely fundamental change in our mind-set. We have to think that we have to work together as a human species to be organized to care for one another, to realize that the health of the most vulnerable people among us is a determining factor for the health of all of us, and, if we aren’t prepared to do that, we’ll never, ever be prepared to confront these devastating challenges to our humanity.”

Every posting you make in your fishbowls and, the abstraction you create, is testimony to your shared humanity. We connect at abstract levels where we transcend our differences.

Sanjiv

SPECIES, HUMAN

from the fishbowl...

nickcolicci

Posts: 245

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Immersive Technology

Sat Mar 07, 2020 11:43 am

The line "It can be intimidating sometimes to share experiences personal to you with classmates that are going to read it, but it also gives you a sense of achievement that you are infusing your own experiences to create knowledge in the world" by Olivia encapsulated the feelings I have each time I make a post in the Fishbowl. I am nervous to share my life with such a large group of people I do not know well. But, it is a way for others to grow as well, and thus I overcome the feelings of intimidation. If I did not infuse my own experiences into the world, or the events I encountered in my daily life, what kind of meaning would my life have? Would it be banaler? Would I be less motivated to see various perspectives and the take time to learn from others? Those are some questions I ask myself in the Fishbowl. They help me to hone in on the purpose of the Fishbowl and why I dedicate a large amount of time to it.

The Fishbowl, which Sanjiv describes as immersive technology, is the key to understanding each other. The same way I can use the Fishbowl to read letters and vocabulary from my peers, I can use the Fishbowl to help Sanjiv overcome some of the roadblocks he is having with the abstract. The process he is following for creating the letter is the process we should follow not only in the Fishbowl but in our organizations and work lives. If we pose a question, it needs to be of meaning and worth. We have to make someone understand why we posed a question, the meaning behind it, and ensure they have the ability to relate their own personal experiences.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/7/2020 23:47:41
Subject: human species (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Your fishbowl reflections are a category of learning that holds up a mirror to us as human beings as to who we really are. That is to say, they obviously have everything to do with our relationship to our lives. They also reflect our relationships with the environment—the built environment that we create (our abstractions in the fishbowl) and the natural environment that responds. Your fishbowls show the moral relationships that we have toward each other as people, and we’re seeing that in your postings.

The main part of preparedness to face global challenges is that we need as human beings to realize that we’re all in this together, that what affects one person anywhere affects everyone everywhere, that we are therefore inevitably part of a species, and we need to think in that way rather than about divisions of race and ethnicity, economic status, and all the rest of it. The way we respond to things like cross-dressers (Kinky Boots), is often a function of our racial or ethnic or religious views rather than our general humanity, and our responses have shown the flaws of human beings in some way. 

But it’s also true that the way that we respond very much depends on our values, our commitments, and our sense of being part of the human race and not smaller units. Bruce Aylward, who led the W.H.O. mission to China said upon his return: "the major thing that needs to happen, if we are to be prepared now and in the future, there has to be an absolutely fundamental change in our mind-set. We have to think that we have to work together as a human species to be organized to care for one another, to realize that the health of the most vulnerable people among us is a determining factor for the health of all of us, and, if we aren’t prepared to do that, we’ll never, ever be prepared to confront these devastating challenges to our humanity.”

Every posting you make in your fishbowls and, the abstraction you create, is testimony to your shared humanity. We connect at abstract levels where we transcend our differences.

Sanjiv

SPECIES, HUMAN

from the fishbowl...

nickcolicci

Posts: 245

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Contact: Contact nickcolicci

Immersive Technology

Sat Mar 07, 2020 11:43 am

The line "It can be intimidating sometimes to share experiences personal to you with classmates that are going to read it, but it also gives you a sense of achievement that you are infusing your own experiences to create knowledge in the world" by Olivia encapsulated the feelings I have each time I make a post in the Fishbowl. I am nervous to share my life with such a large group of people I do not know well. But, it is a way for others to grow as well, and thus I overcome the feelings of intimidation. If I did not infuse my own experiences into the world, or the events I encountered in my daily life, what kind of meaning would my life have? Would it be banaler? Would I be less motivated to see various perspectives and the take time to learn from others? Those are some questions I ask myself in the Fishbowl. They help me to hone in on the purpose of the Fishbowl and why I dedicate a large amount of time to it.

The Fishbowl, which Sanjiv describes as immersive technology, is the key to understanding each other. The same way I can use the Fishbowl to read letters and vocabulary from my peers, I can use the Fishbowl to help Sanjiv overcome some of the roadblocks he is having with the abstract. The process he is following for creating the letter is the process we should follow not only in the Fishbowl but in our organizations and work lives. If we pose a question, it needs to be of meaning and worth. We have to make someone understand why we posed a question, the meaning behind it, and ensure they have the ability to relate their own personal experiences.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/6/2020 16:28:07
Subject: uncovering structures (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Our task (in 443 and 448) boils down to uncovering the most profoundly buried structures of the various social worlds that we occupy; the social meeting exercise in 448 and your first project in 443.

Our social worlds are peculiar in that its structures lead, as it were, a “double life.” They exist twice. According to Pierre Bourdieu, first in the physical distribution of resources, and second in the form of systems of classification, i.e., the mental and bodily schemata that function as symbolic templates for the practical activities---conduct, thoughts, feelings, and judgements that we do.

In doing our projects, we are uncovering our systems of classifications. What form do they take? What is their content? The answers to these questions are social facts and we study them because as humans we are constructing meaning and knowledge.

Sanjiv

SYSTEM, CLASSIFICATION, SCHEMATA, TEMPLATE, FORM, CONTENT, SOCIAL

from the fishbowl...

kyrasolomon

Posts: 122

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:06 am

Contact: Contact kyrasolomon

Reflection: Complex Structures

Thu Mar 05, 2020 12:10 pm

After looking up the definitions of the words "complex" and "structure," I believe a complex structure is anything constructed or arranged out of many parts. I think this relates back to the invisible structures that we've talked about in class. These are structures that impact every one of our actions and interactions, yet we barely realize they exist. They are the metaphors we operate under, and I would say that they're indeed complex. They're made of numerous parts, from the values our parents imprint onto us, the values society imprints onto us, our own personalities and many other forces. It would be impossible to identify all the places our invisible structures come from.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/6/2020 16:25:26
Subject: uncovering structures (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Our task (in 443 and 448) boils down to uncovering the most profoundly buried structures of the various social worlds that we occupy; the social meeting exercise in 448 and your first project in 443.

Our social worlds are peculiar in that its structures lead, as it were, a “double life.” They exist twice. According to Pierre Bourdieu, first in the physical distribution of resources, and second in the form of systems of classification, i.e., the mental and bodily schemata that function as symbolic templates for the practical activities---conduct, thoughts, feelings, and judgements that we do.

In doing our projects, we are uncovering our systems of classifications. What form do they take? What is their content? The answers to these questions are social facts and we study them because as humans we are constructing meaning and knowledge.

Sanjiv

SYSTEM, CLASSIFICATION, SCHEMATA, TEMPLATE, FORM, CONTENT, SOCIAL

from the fishbowl...

kyrasolomon

Posts: 122

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:06 am

Contact: Contact kyrasolomon

Reflection: Complex Structures

Thu Mar 05, 2020 12:10 pm

After looking up the definitions of the words "complex" and "structure," I believe a complex structure is anything constructed or arranged out of many parts. I think this relates back to the invisible structures that we've talked about in class. These are structures that impact every one of our actions and interactions, yet we barely realize they exist. They are the metaphors we operate under, and I would say that they're indeed complex. They're made of numerous parts, from the values our parents imprint onto us, the values society imprints onto us, our own personalities and many other forces. It would be impossible to identify all the places our invisible structures come from.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/5/2020 23:47:00
Subject: composition of text and images (443)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Please see Kevin Bugbee’s posting below. He sums it nicely; very professional.

He knows what he's talking about; it certainly seems that way. In any event, he hits the nail on the head (regarding your projects in 443) with his vocabulary. 

Please remember, you’re entering the unknown ‘together' in dialog, and interfacing in a fishbowl. It is a visual culture. We can see each other!

As you dive into the first project, I wonder whether the opening structure I gave you is unnecessarily complex. You should have a choice. You are free to consider this one below, as your opening structure; if the group agrees upon it. The opening structure is a group decision:

“Our understanding of what we are seeing changes according to the frame or image that shapes our viewpoint.”

I think this opening structure is more malleable. Fewer concepts/words. 

Think of your project (10+1) as creating a composition of text and images with a dollop of felt-experience.

You’re doing a lot of things in the 10+1 steps. Above all, you are creating a memory about figuring something out; of entering the unknown; of creating meaning. 

Your memories in your fishbowls are intersubjective and intertextual (please google both terms). 

You’re “creating history as possibility.” Please google, “Pedagogy of the Oppressed” by Paulo Freire.

Thank you. The game is on in earnest.

Sanjiv

COMPOSITION, MEMORY, HISTORY, CREATE, POSSIBILITY, INTERSUBJECTIVE, INTERTEXTUAL 

 

from the fishbowl...

kevinbugbee

Posts: 102

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 10:13 am

Contact: Contact kevinbugbee

Re: Vocabulary/Google Searches

Mon Mar 02, 2020 3:45 pm

Performance- the action or process of carrying out or accomplishing an action, task, or function.

Performativity- a language which functions as a form of social action and has the effect of change. The power of language to effect change in the world

Creative Critical Writing- a research method that treats the form of academic writing as constitutive of its conceptual argument.

Constitutive- having the power to establish or give organized existence to something.

Conceptual- relating to or based on mental concepts.

kevinbugbee

Posts: 102

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 10:13 am

Contact: Contact kevinbugbee

Re: Vocabulary/Google Searches

Thu Mar 05, 2020 3:27 pm

DISCOURSE ANALYSIS- a research method for studying written or spoken language in relation to its social context. It studies how language, texts, and structures are seen in real life situations. We are using discourse analysis every time we implement and discuss our own past experiences in the fishbowl.

THE REDUCTIONIST TECHNIQUE- an approach to understanding the nature of complex things by reducing them to the interactions of their parts, or to simpler or more fundamental things. This is also what we are doing in the fishbowl; every time we deconstruct Sanjiv's letters and chose 1 or 2 phrases, we are using the reductionist technique.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/5/2020 15:02:33
Subject: &quot;conceptual and human skills will come to the fore&quot; (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Yesterday on my way home, I stopped at my usual watering hole and was leafing through the day’s FT. I must have been thinking about you in the fishbowl because something caught my eye on page 8 under Letters (Financial Times, March 4, 2020)

The caption read: "Conceptual and human skills will come to the fore.” The letter is from one Prof Chris Rowley at Kellogg College, University of Oxford, UK. 

In his letter he is referring to FT’s March 2 report titled “Coronavirus may mean lasting change in the office.” 

This is something we all have to consider now. It is a report on the issue of office-vs-remote working and thus very timely. 

The Professor, responds to the report.

He notes that managers and leaders are very often promoted on the basis of a particular technical skill (like, marketing, finance, accounting, supply chain, etc.). 

However, it is the human and conceptual skills (the other end of the dimension on skills) that have gained relative importance in an organizational hierarchy. That is to say, at every level in the organizational hierarchy, you have to have ‘soft’ skills to survive. The ability to work with others is not only important, it has also increased.

Hence the Social Meeting exercise in 448.

Conceptual skills have become increasingly critical according to Rowley. “As organizations face a coronavirus contagion, it is exactly these skills---conceptual and human---that will be ever more important for effective leadership and then managing the difficult and tricky changes needed regarding work.” It is exactly what you and I are doing together in our fishbowls...conceptual and human skills. We’ve never felt so closely before! Please see Caroline Morganelli’s post below.

Sanjiv

CONCEPTUAL, HUMAN, SKILL, HIERARCHY, LEVEL

from the fishbowl...

carolinemorganelli

Posts: 107

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 8:25 am

Contact: Contact carolinemorganelli

Re: Caroline Morganelli: Letters

Wed Mar 04, 2020 8:38 pm

RE: "facing a new complex structure" (443 & 448)

Entering the semester I was very nervous about using the fishbowl. It is a very complex new structure of communication I am unfamiliar with. I would not say that I was scared, I would more so say I was nervous for the adjustment of this "always online" platform of knowledge sharing. As of now I feel as though I am adjusting. The key in my opinion is to make sure that you do not fall behind. Taking the time to understand something takes work, but without time and effort one will not be able to retain information and then later pass it on to others.

Solving or understanding complex structures takes time and an understanding of organization. To fully understand we must understand how this complex structure works, functions and its organizational method. By understanding this we will be use the knowledge gained from here to advance to the other complex structures in our lives.

complex: consisting of many different and connected parts.

structure: the arrangement of and relations between the parts or elements of something complex.

Complex Structure: a multi-faced arrangement of and relations between parts or elements.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/5/2020 14:58:24
Subject: &quot;conceptual and human skills will come to the fore&quot; (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Yesterday on my way home, I stopped at my usual watering hole and was leafing through the day’s FT. I must have been thinking about you in the fishbowl because something caught my eye on page 8 under Letters (Financial Times, March 4, 2020)

The caption read: "Conceptual and human skills will come to the fore.” The letter is from one Prof Chris Rowley at Kellogg College, University of Oxford, UK. 

In his letter he is referring to FT’s March 2 report titled “Coronavirus may mean lasting change in the office.” 

This is something we all have to consider now. It is a report on the issue of office-vs-remote working and thus very timely. 

The Professor, responds to the report.

He notes that managers and leaders are very often promoted on the basis of a particular technical skill (like, marketing, finance, accounting, supply chain, etc.). 

However, it is the human and conceptual skills (the other end of the dimension on skills) that have gained relative importance in an organizational hierarchy. That is to say, at every level in the organizational hierarchy, you have to have ‘soft’ skills to survive. The ability to work with others is not only important, it has also increased.

Hence the Social Meeting exercise in 448.

Conceptual skills have become increasingly critical according to Rowley. “As organizations face a coronavirus contagion, it is exactly these skills---conceptual and human---that will be ever more important for effective leadership and then managing the difficult and tricky changes needed regarding work.” It is exactly what you and I are doing together in our fishbowls...conceptual and human skills. We’ve never felt so closely before! Please see Caroline Morganelli’s post below.

Sanjiv

CONCEPTUAL, HUMAN, SKILL, HIERARCHY, LEVEL

from the fishbowl...

carolinemorganelli

Posts: 107

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 8:25 am

Contact: Contact carolinemorganelli

Re: Caroline Morganelli: Letters

 Wed Mar 04, 2020 8:38 pm

RE: "facing a new complex structure" (443 & 448)

Entering the semester I was very nervous about using the fishbowl. It is a very complex new structure of communication I am unfamiliar with. I would not say that I was scared, I would more so say I was nervous for the adjustment of this "always online" platform of knowledge sharing. As of now I feel as though I am adjusting. The key in my opinion is to make sure that you do not fall behind. Taking the time to understand something takes work, but without time and effort one will not be able to retain information and then later pass it on to others.

Solving or understanding complex structures takes time and an understanding of organization. To fully understand we must understand how this complex structure works, functions and its organizational method. By understanding this we will be use the knowledge gained from here to advance to the other complex structures in our lives.

complex: consisting of many different and connected parts.

structure: the arrangement of and relations between the parts or elements of something complex.

Complex Structure: a multi-faced arrangement of and relations between parts or elements.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/5/2020 0:04:44
Subject: &quot;facing a new complex structure&quot; (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Brady,

Just to let you know, when I read your posting below, my reaction is that it is an honest expression of feelings and experience. It shows your courage, something which the Irish are famous. To take your reflection further and create value is a word-game and you make-up the rules as you proceed and, later talk about them. I would deconstruct “complex structure” and see where it takes your feelings, expression and experience. Give it a shot, and don’t give a thought to the outcome; it’s the play that matters. You are free to show me a hard copy. Google search the term. Research the concept “complex structures” and understand their meaning in a new way.

Best wishes,

Sanjiv

COMPLEX, STRUCTURE

from the fishbowl...

BradyMulligan

Posts: 67

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 10:58 am

Contact: Contact BradyMulligan

letter responses

Wed Mar 04, 2020 11:39 am

Personal empowerment

At the begging of the course i felt weak and confused as to how i should approach the letters and structure of the class. I felt i had no control and was powerless because i was facing a new complex structure i have never been a part of before. Over the last few weeks i felt i had more personal power because i have been taking more action to reading the letters of others and adapting to the new situation i am a part of. To have personal power i have learned that i must look at every situation multiple ways and reshape how i view it. I learned that interacting with different students and trying to understand there cultures helped me also develop personal empowerment.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/5/2020 0:03:16
Subject: &quot;facing a new complex structure&quot; (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Brady,

Just to let you know, when I read your posting below, my reaction is that it is an honest expression of feelings and experience. It shows your courage, something which the Irish are famous. To take your reflection further and create value is a word-game and you make-up the rules as you proceed and, later talk about them. I would deconstruct “complex structure” and see where it takes your feelings, expression and experience. Give it a shot, and don’t give a thought to the outcome; it’s the play that matters. You are free to show me a hard copy. Google search the term. Research the concept “complex structures” and understand their meaning in a new way.

Best wishes,

Sanjiv

COMPLEX, STRUCTURE

from the fishbowl...

BradyMulligan

Posts: 67

Joined: Mon Jan 27, 2020 10:58 am

Contact: Contact BradyMulligan

letter responses

Wed Mar 04, 2020 11:39 am

Personal empowerment

At the begging of the course i felt weak and confused as to how i should approach the letters and structure of the class. I felt i had no control and was powerless because i was facing a new complex structure i have never been a part of before. Over the last few weeks i felt i had more personal power because i have been taking more action to reading the letters of others and adapting to the new situation i am a part of. To have personal power i have learned that i must look at every situation multiple ways and reshape how i view it. I learned that interacting with different students and trying to understand there cultures helped me also develop personal empowerment.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/4/2020 12:45:31
Subject: immersive technology (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I will be around Thursday and Friday this week, and during Spring break. I will certainly be active in the fishbowl.

Thus far, I’m unable to Frame the Question just the right way for the abstract. 

Got to make it work! Time is running out! We are running like Scott in Strictly Ballroom (443). 

The Question must have a purpose (why are we raising it?) and,

a Method for addressing it (so how are we going to deal with it?) and, 

an Outcome that was felt-experienced, (so what happened?)

See you in class. The fishbowl is "immersive technology” (please google). Please see the posting by Olivia Palumbo below.

Sanjiv

QUESTION, METHOD, ‘ADDRESS,' OUTCOME, IMMERSE, TECHNOLOGY

from the fishbowl...

oliviapalumbo

Posts: 97

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 5:07 pm

Contact: Contact oliviapalumbo

Re: Letters -Palumbo

Tue Mar 03, 2020 5:25 pm

Personal Empowerment

The fishbowl gives you power, or the capacity or ability to direct/influence the behavior of others or the course of events. We have power to influence one another with our words and reflections and teach one another new things. How incredible is it that words have so much power, the world revolves around words. It empowers me, or makes me feel stronger and more confident, when I am able to reflect on personal experiences that are near and dear to my heart. It makes me feel motivated to keep going with my posts, and that this will all pay off in the end. It can be intimidating sometimes to share experiences personal to you with classmates that are going to read it, but it also gives you a sense of achievement that you are infusing your own experiences to create knowledge in the world. We are all sharing our experiences together through the fishbowl, we are all being somewhat vulnerable for knowledge. As Sanjiv said, our reflections are reshaping the world around us, making it our own, and paving the way for our generation and the future as well. "We have all probably experienced situations where we have tried to act a new reality only to find the process reversed by deep structures of power over our lives." - reflecting on situations like these equip us for better handling them in the future and propelling ourselves forward. Breaking through these structures starts with the way we think and our ability to recognize how we feel. We will only gain more information and confidence to break through structures through the fishbowl postings, our groups, and Sanjiv.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/4/2020 12:44:48
Subject: immersive technology (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I will be around Thursday and Friday this week, and during Spring break. I will certainly be active in the fishbowl.

Thus far, I’m unable to Frame the Question just the right way for the abstract. 

Got to make it work! Time is running out! We are running like Scott in Strictly Ballroom (443). 

The Question must have a purpose (why are we raising it?) and,

a Method for addressing it (so how are we going to deal with it?) and, 

an Outcome that was felt-experienced, (so what happened?)

See you in class. The fishbowl is "immersive technology” (please google). Please see the posting by Olivia Palumbo below.

Sanjiv

QUESTION, METHOD, ‘ADDRESS,' OUTCOME, IMMERSE, TECHNOLOGY

from the fishbowl...

oliviapalumbo

Posts: 97

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 5:07 pm

Contact: Contact oliviapalumbo

Re: Letters -Palumbo

Tue Mar 03, 2020 5:25 pm

Personal Empowerment

The fishbowl gives you power, or the capacity or ability to direct/influence the behavior of others or the course of events. We have power to influence one another with our words and reflections and teach one another new things. How incredible is it that words have so much power, the world revolves around words. It empowers me, or makes me feel stronger and more confident, when I am able to reflect on personal experiences that are near and dear to my heart. It makes me feel motivated to keep going with my posts, and that this will all pay off in the end. It can be intimidating sometimes to share experiences personal to you with classmates that are going to read it, but it also gives you a sense of achievement that you are infusing your own experiences to create knowledge in the world. We are all sharing our experiences together through the fishbowl, we are all being somewhat vulnerable for knowledge. As Sanjiv said, our reflections are reshaping the world around us, making it our own, and paving the way for our generation and the future as well. "We have all probably experienced situations where we have tried to act a new reality only to find the process reversed by deep structures of power over our lives." - reflecting on situations like these equip us for better handling them in the future and propelling ourselves forward. Breaking through these structures starts with the way we think and our ability to recognize how we feel. We will only gain more information and confidence to break through structures through the fishbowl postings, our groups, and Sanjiv.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/3/2020 20:24:00
Subject: personal empowerment (443)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Amiel,

In the fishbowl, you assume your personal power by rethinking and reshaping the world around you. Your posting is an excellent example of that.

We have all probably experienced situations where we have tried to act a new reality only to find the process reversed by deep structures of power over our lives.

That’s why we have to bring it all back down to the level of the individual and individual capacities for change---for change is an individual affair! Individuals can form groups, and groups can become social movements. But the process begins and ends with the commitments and actions of individuals.

Best,

Sanjiv

ASSUME, POWER, RETHINK, RESHAPE

from the fishbowl...

Amiel

Posts: 64

Joined: Sat Jan 25, 2020 7:55 pm

Contact: Contact Amiel

Re: ABSTRACT DEVELOPMENT

Mon Mar 02, 2020 3:13 pm

#37

"A way of explaining a feeling about someone" and "People living together forming new ideas". This is the path to abstract development. The "Hermeneutic Perspective" of Gadamer is "A way of explaining a feeling about someone". The "Social Imaginary" of Charles Taylor is "People living together forming new ideas". We are approaching the point in time where we must let people know how we feel. We must live together before we can form new ideas. There is no "I" in the Fisbowl there is only "Us". We are learning to develop unity and cohesion among those who live with in the "Fishbowl". There is too much silence among us and why is that? We must interact amongst each other. The fishbowl has no hierarchy we are all equal, there is no barriers between us. We are all in the fishbowl together and once we begin to feel for one another we will create a social sharing of knowledge and information. Alone one can not form new ideas, it is the people living and interacting together that will form new transformational ideas. For example the day that I walked into my first shift of my first job I was terrified. I was hired at Domino's Pizza in Riverside, Rhode Island to be a pizza delivery boy. Like most high school students we didn't know a whole lot about what it really meant to work a long shift all we really knew was that we wanted money to buy things. I was surrounded by an unfamiliar atmosphere one that I had not previously known. I was thankfully guided by the Store Manager at the time he was young and quite friendly and we could relate pretty well. As I began to familiarize myself with the routine over the first weeks I began to realize that I really didn't like the work I was doing but I knew I needed cash for a new car. I wasn't to familiar with my co-workers and I honestly didn't know much about them and they didn't know much more about me other than my name. I began to feel a sense of loneliness. I simply felt I was only there to do my job as the mechanistic organization would want. I knew I wanted to change the way I felt and as I began to make myself familiar and safe within my surroundings I eventually became more and more curious. I had reached the moment in which I wanted to create understanding amongst those I would be interacting with in the "Fishbowl" so I began asking questions and opening up to those who where around me. I began to gain a sense of understanding while at the same time learning some valuable tips that would help me succeed. The more we began to explain to each other how we felt the more we had bonded and unionized. Eventually we where so familiar with ourselves after two months everything became so effortless. We had changed the way we worked after the time we spent living together. We had become such a close group of people from different backgrounds and different ways of life. We were all brought together by a common goal. Like the great President Abraham Lincoln once said "A house divided can not stand". The "house" in other words the "fishbowl" cannot be divided. The responsibility amongst us now is create this sense of unity, secureness, and familiarity so we can begin constructing new ideas together with the digital benefits that surround us in today's business world.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/3/2020 14:55:14
Subject: staying connected through reflections (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I will be working on the abstract today. Must stay focused. Tomorrow Wednesday class as usual. Friday we go online. It’s a tradition before Spring Break.

Please see Andrea Sullivan’s reflections below.

Staying connected through reflections.

Sanjiv

TRADITION, REFLECTION, STAY, CONNECTED

from the fishbowl...

Andreasullivan

Posts: 94

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:58 am

Contact: Contact Andreasullivan

Re: Reflections:

 Wed Feb 26, 2020 3:38 pm

Participation is power:

"Participation is power." The action of taking part in something is the ability to influence the behavior of events. Involvement is potential. Contributing is ability. Engagement is a capability. Being involved, engaged, participating, or contributing to a group or class is to actively engage and listen. Without engagement and participation, you won't get anything out of it. There is no point in coming to class if you're not going to pay attention and participate. When you add to the conversation you learn more and help your classmates learn more. Your teacher can even learn from what you have to say. In class, I am very quite. It is hard for me to speak out loud and add to the conversation. I am always actively listening during class. I try to remind myself that I will learn more and other students will learn more if more people participate.

Andreasullivan

Posts: 94

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:58 am

Contact: Contact Andreasullivan

Re: Reflections:

Wed Feb 26, 2020 10:42 pm

Creating mental spaces:

"Opportunity to do nothing." A set of circumstances that makes it possible to do no single thing. The chance to do not a thing. The possibility of nothing at all. It is rare in today's world that we have a second of nothing. Even when we have downtime there is a constant distraction of social media. We have an expectation to be entertained at all time because of our phones. The opportunity to do nothing is actually in our hands. When I have a busy day, I can't wait to go home, relax, and "do nothing." But I often just end up sitting on my phone or watching tv. I should take advantage of opportunities to do nothing and check-in with myself.

Andreasullivan

Posts: 94

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:58 am

Contact: Contact Andreasullivan

Re: Reflections:

Thu Feb 27, 2020 12:11 am

Reading and writing:

"Generating yourself." To cause something to arise or come about on a personal level. To make or produce something for you personally. To create a personal emotion or situation. In the fishbowl, we use reading and writing text to remember memories and experiences that have meaning. We are infusing personal meaning into the text to create a "living text."

Andreasullivan

Posts: 94

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:58 am

Contact: Contact Andreasullivan

Re: Reflections:

Thu Feb 27, 2020 12:27 am

Love/Leadership:

"To teach is to learn." To show or explain to something how to do something is to gain or acquire knowledge of or skill in something. To educate is to master something. To instruct is to be competent in something. To prepare someone else is you must first grasp and absorb the information before digesting it back out. You must truly know a topic to be able to teach other people. By explaining the information is also engrained into your mind even more. You can learn from the people that your teaching. By the question they ask and the new ideas they get from learning the subject. I find that when I'm studying, my final test to see if I have mastered the information is if I can teach the information to someone else. If I can comprehend the information enough to clearly explain it to someone else.

Andreasullivan

Posts: 94

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:58 am

Contact: Contact Andreasullivan

Re: Reflections:

Thu Feb 27, 2020 12:54 am

Conference Abstract: Creative critical writing:

"Demolishing structure." To comprehensively knockdown, refute, or defeat a construct or arrange according to a plan. To destroy a composition. To put an end to the formation. To bring down a system. Then once it is broken down we can "rebuild them our way." The goal is to build a structure again after it has been damaged or destroyed. Some structures and organizations don't function well to create results or progress. These structures need to be rebuilt. I often reflect on why we are doing all this fishbowl "stuff." What is the big picture? What is the end goal? We are learning to think differently. To think outside the box. To take our brain filled with new knowledge to bring change to companies. We aren't destroying the companies we are rebuilding the organization.

Andreasullivan

Posts: 94

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:58 am

Contact: Contact Andreasullivan

Re: Reflections:

Sat Feb 29, 2020 3:05 pm

Dialogues of space:

"Unique understanding." The ability to understand something unlike anything else. Individual interpretation. Distinctive comprehension. Unusual perception. Everyone has a different way of thinking. We all have different opinions. It is important to remember that everyone grew up different from different views and beliefs. With different experiences and views, everything understands things differently. If we all had the same thoughts we would be stuck with nothing new. It is different perceptions, interpretations, and understandings that create new ideas that think out of the box. When I compare my work to other people's work I worry that mine is different. I worry that mine is wrong and theirs is better. I must remember that we all think and understand differently.

Andreasullivan

Posts: 94

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:58 am

Contact: Contact Andreasullivan

Re: Reflections:

Mon Mar 02, 2020 5:28 pm

Creating value by sharing felt-experiences:

"Connect with them." To bring together or into contact so that a real or notional link is established with someone or something. To create a link to something. To form a bond with someone. To find a connection is to find meaning. It means nothing unless we make it personal. Find a personal connection, link, or bond to ourselves. Connections drive us. They give us purpose. These connections are what will make us different. I worked at a café during the summer a couple of years ago. It was supposed to be an easy job to make money during the summer. I would go to do what I need to do and leave. Then I got close to my boss. She reminded me of my grandma who also owns a restaurant in Pennsylvania. Then I started to care. I wanted to do my best for her and for her business. What I made the connection and created meaning I cared and worked harder because of it.

Andreasullivan

Posts: 94

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:58 am

Contact: Contact Andreasullivan

Re: Reflections:

 Mon Mar 02, 2020 10:41 pm

Intersections and animations:

"Creative expression." The process of making known one's thoughts or feeling relating to or involving the imagination or original ideas. Innovative communication. Experimental articulation. Unconventional demonstration. It's not how you express yourself its that you find a way to express yourself. Whether it's for work or for fun it is important. Growing up I was always very creative. When I got to college and it became work. I shut down my creativity from the pressure. I learned how to express myself creatively in other ways. I learned to separate work and pleasure.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 3/3/2020 14:52:41
Subject: staying connected through reflections (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I will be working on the abstract today. Must stay focused. Tomorrow Wednesday class as usual. Friday we go online. It’s a tradition before Spring Break.

Please see Andrea Sullivan’s reflections below.

Staying connected through reflections.

Sanjiv

TRADITION, REFLECTION, STAY, CONNECTED

from the fishbowl...

Andreasullivan

Posts: 94

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:58 am

Contact: Contact Andreasullivan

Re: Reflections:

Wed Feb 26, 2020 3:38 pm

Participation is power:

"Participation is power." The action of taking part in something is the ability to influence the behavior of events. Involvement is potential. Contributing is ability. Engagement is a capability. Being involved, engaged, participating, or contributing to a group or class is to actively engage and listen. Without engagement and participation, you won't get anything out of it. There is no point in coming to class if you're not going to pay attention and participate. When you add to the conversation you learn more and help your classmates learn more. Your teacher can even learn from what you have to say. In class, I am very quite. It is hard for me to speak out loud and add to the conversation. I am always actively listening during class. I try to remind myself that I will learn more and other students will learn more if more people participate.

Andreasullivan

Posts: 94

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:58 am

Contact: Contact Andreasullivan

Re: Reflections:

Wed Feb 26, 2020 10:42 pm

Creating mental spaces:

"Opportunity to do nothing." A set of circumstances that makes it possible to do no single thing. The chance to do not a thing. The possibility of nothing at all. It is rare in today's world that we have a second of nothing. Even when we have downtime there is a constant distraction of social media. We have an expectation to be entertained at all time because of our phones. The opportunity to do nothing is actually in our hands. When I have a busy day, I can't wait to go home, relax, and "do nothing." But I often just end up sitting on my phone or watching tv. I should take advantage of opportunities to do nothing and check-in with myself.

Andreasullivan

Posts: 94

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:58 am

Contact: Contact Andreasullivan

Re: Reflections:

Thu Feb 27, 2020 12:11 am

Reading and writing:

"Generating yourself." To cause something to arise or come about on a personal level. To make or produce something for you personally. To create a personal emotion or situation. In the fishbowl, we use reading and writing text to remember memories and experiences that have meaning. We are infusing personal meaning into the text to create a "living text."

Andreasullivan

Posts: 94

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:58 am

Contact: Contact Andreasullivan

Re: Reflections:

Thu Feb 27, 2020 12:27 am

Love/Leadership:

"To teach is to learn." To show or explain to something how to do something is to gain or acquire knowledge of or skill in something. To educate is to master something. To instruct is to be competent in something. To prepare someone else is you must first grasp and absorb the information before digesting it back out. You must truly know a topic to be able to teach other people. By explaining the information is also engrained into your mind even more. You can learn from the people that your teaching. By the question they ask and the new ideas they get from learning the subject. I find that when I'm studying, my final test to see if I have mastered the information is if I can teach the information to someone else. If I can comprehend the information enough to clearly explain it to someone else.

Andreasullivan

Posts: 94

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:58 am

Contact: Contact Andreasullivan

Re: Reflections:

 Thu Feb 27, 2020 12:54 am

Conference Abstract: Creative critical writing:

"Demolishing structure." To comprehensively knockdown, refute, or defeat a construct or arrange according to a plan. To destroy a composition. To put an end to the formation. To bring down a system. Then once it is broken down we can "rebuild them our way." The goal is to build a structure again after it has been damaged or destroyed. Some structures and organizations don't function well to create results or progress. These structures need to be rebuilt. I often reflect on why we are doing all this fishbowl "stuff." What is the big picture? What is the end goal? We are learning to think differently. To think outside the box. To take our brain filled with new knowledge to bring change to companies. We aren't destroying the companies we are rebuilding the organization.

Andreasullivan

Posts: 94

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:58 am

Contact: Contact Andreasullivan

Re: Reflections:

Sat Feb 29, 2020 3:05 pm

Dialogues of space:

"Unique understanding." The ability to understand something unlike anything else. Individual interpretation. Distinctive comprehension. Unusual perception. Everyone has a different way of thinking. We all have different opinions. It is important to remember that everyone grew up different from different views and beliefs. With different experiences and views, everything understands things differently. If we all had the same thoughts we would be stuck with nothing new. It is different perceptions, interpretations, and understandings that create new ideas that think out of the box. When I compare my work to other people's work I worry that mine is different. I worry that mine is wrong and theirs is better. I must remember that we all think and understand differently.

Andreasullivan

Posts: 94

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:58 am

Contact: Contact Andreasullivan

Re: Reflections:

Mon Mar 02, 2020 5:28 pm

Creating value by sharing felt-experiences:

"Connect with them." To bring together or into contact so that a real or notional link is established with someone or something. To create a link to something. To form a bond with someone. To find a connection is to find meaning. It means nothing unless we make it personal. Find a personal connection, link, or bond to ourselves. Connections drive us. They give us purpose. These connections are what will make us different. I worked at a café during the summer a couple of years ago. It was supposed to be an easy job to make money during the summer. I would go to do what I need to do and leave. Then I got close to my boss. She reminded me of my grandma who also owns a restaurant in Pennsylvania. Then I started to care. I wanted to do my best for her and for her business. What I made the connection and created meaning I cared and worked harder because of it.

Andreasullivan

Posts: 94

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:58 am

Contact: Contact Andreasullivan

Re: Reflections:

 Mon Mar 02, 2020 10:41 pm

Intersections and animations:

"Creative expression." The process of making known one's thoughts or feeling relating to or involving the imagination or original ideas. Innovative communication. Experimental articulation. Unconventional demonstration. It's not how you express yourself its that you find a way to express yourself. Whether it's for work or for fun it is important. Growing up I was always very creative. When I got to college and it became work. I shut down my creativity from the pressure. I learned how to express myself creatively in other ways. I learned to separate work and pleasure.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/26/2020 0:47:14
Subject: metaphors (443)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

We are leaving the age of organized organizations (rigid structures; rules and regulations and requirements and standards) and moving into an era were the ability to understand, facilitate, and encourage processes of self-organization will become a key competence. 

It is impossible to develop new styles (concepts) of organization and structures, like your fishbowls, while continuing to think in old ways. Your fishbowl, its organization, its design, its image has no presence beyond that of the people who bring it to life. We might not be able to create a "learning organization" (please google Peter Senge, The Fifth Discipline), but you can enhance people’s capacities to learn and align their activities in creative ways. It is what one is seeing you do in your fishbowls. Please fact check.

Ideas about organizations are always based on implicit images or metaphors that persuade us to see, understand, and manage situations in a particular way. Please think of Strictly Ballroom and the machine as a metaphor. Indeed, think of your own situation and its metaphor.

It is an important point that Lea Janz makes below: ...”questions allow us a better understanding of concepts.” (Janz, Lea. Fishbowl Spr2020)

In BUS443: Organizational Design and Change, the challenge facing you is to become accomplished in the art of using metaphor to find new ways of seeing, understanding, and shaping your actions. Your final Design, three pages, double-spaced and submitted jointly as a group, will be testimony of your fishbowl’s metaphor. Design shapes our actions, behaviors and felt-experiences as we clearly saw in Strictly Ballroom. “Stop that shuffling, you stupid man,” she said. "I'm bored with you."

Sanjiv

ORGANIZATION, SHAPE, ACTION, IMAGE, IMPLICIT, DESIGN

from the fishbowl...

leajanz

Posts: 77

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:04 am

Contact: Contact leajanz

Re: Reflections-Lea Janz

 Tue Feb 25, 2020 3:47 pm

power in questions

Andrew’s postings awakened my mind. One in particular mentioned his creative process, “let my instincts take over and just let my thoughts flood onto the paper and let my inner self be the passenger in triggering the thoughts and creativity in my head”. I have found this to be the only way to generate text in a structureless scene. To let the mind wander is to discover new pathways. I can relate to Andrew’s method, but am inspired by his use of questions. “I am practicing putting my thoughts into questions. Am I doing this to help trigger an audience or is this a different way of letting my mind roam free and spark thoughts?”. Our “culture” (student-life, college) may have desensitized us to the power of a question, as we are hassled by them on a daily basis. The thought of asking them may seem silly, but questions allow us a better understanding of concepts. Also, asking questions never leaves a conversation boring. Questions keep the mind ticking, or keep the thread. So, at that, why is collaboration the key to deeper creative thinking? I believe I just answered that by the sentences above.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/25/2020 21:39:34
Subject: creating visual spaces and spectacles (448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Why are you learning to communicate in this fashion? I’m talking about your 'selected deconstructions' and 'personal infusions.' How do we connect across cultures by posting in our fishbowls?

Whenever a reader views your text,

(turns around and looks) 

there is the potential and possibility of 

having a profound effect 

whose outcome will have a multiplier impact. 

This effect and impact is neither predictable nor measurable; 

nor meant to be.

In your postings you are creating abstract writings (like paintings) that fill the viewer’s field of vision and become a form of environment. You want your viewers (your audience is the market) to feel inside the visual space (the spectacle) that you are creating. 

Your fishbowl is a visual language conceived to evoke elemental emotions with maximum impact.

Please see your writings as etchings (metaphor) where the fishbowl is the perfect setting (room or wall space) for showing your work. 

Please fact check, and see Tiana Martinez’ posting below.

Please google Society of the Spectacle by Guy Debord.

Sanjiv

ETCHING, POTENTIAL, POSSIBILITY, MULTIPLIER, EFFECT, SPECTACLE, AUDIENCE, IMPACT 

from the fishbowl...

TianaMartinez

Posts: 86

Joined: Fri Jan 24, 2020 2:07 pm

Contact: Contact TianaMartinez

Re: Letter Interpretations

Tue Feb 18, 2020 11:45 am

CONNECTING ACROSS CULTURES WHENEVER WE ALLOW OURSELVES

When we create meaning for ourselves in our fishbowls, we are also creating meaning for other people.

How our attitudes affect those other people is completely up to us. We are the only ones that can allow ourselves to have either a positive attitude that helps other people grow or a negative attitude that strips away other people's experiences. Our attitudes can be very present in the way we write. If we have a positive attitude, it will be evident in the words we use to symbolize other things, and the tone of our expressions will have positive connotations; however, if we have a negative attitude, this will be present in the impact our writings may have on the other members in our groups. Self reflection is especially mirrored in the way we choose to display our expressions. The way we reflect on our interiors sets the tone and feeling in the way we choose to format our writings and the words we choose to use.

How do you go global in a textual world? By learning to be able to scratch under the layer of phrases and be able to create your own interpretations. In doing so, we put our way of thinking out there for other people to see. By writing in abstract ways, we show that there is more to writing than just the fine print letters. One word alone can have endless amounts of invisible connections, it is all about how we ourselves choose to read and interpret them.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/25/2020 14:55:02
Subject: cultural awareness: separating observation from interpretation (448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

You and I are at the opposite end of the generation spectrum, and we are tied at the waist. You could say we are intertwined, like a knitted sweater. You see that clearly in the films we are watching, but particularly in Strictly Ballroom (443). It is so in Japanese Story (448) as well. Culture is passed down and learnt. Osmosis is a good word to describe it, metaphorically speaking. We see that in the relationship between Sandy and her mother. Indeed, the film opens with their interaction. 

SPECTRUM, DIMENSION, OPPOSITE, GENERATION, INTERTWINE

I find this observation about Sandy and her Mother very interesting. Why did the film Japanese Story (448) open with Sandy’s Mother and her “silly” book of cuttings? What does it have to do with anything? What does it mean? That’s the real question. What does it mean?

Finding by OBSERVATION is the first step in a search for meaning; a journey or foray into the unknown.

The first step is ventured (risked) by you as your ’selected’ word. You must always pause before any selection, because that is where its trajectory will take you. I took two years before I selected the word-image: Jeep Renegade. Bottom line is observe and select.

The second step is INTERPRETATION. Not just What do you see (in the words Jeep Renegade), but also How do you see it; how come? 

All she (Nicola in Kinky Boots) wanted was a Mercedez, Sanjiv, and she couldn't change that. "She could not change what she wants."

Now, that’s an observation, but how would you interpret it? What meaning do you “attribute” to it. What are Nicola’s intentions?

ATTRIBUTE, INTENTION, BEHAVIOR

So there you have it. Observation and Interpretation. The core of "cultural awareness" is learning to separate Observation from Interpretation (Hofstede). The reason you are developing skills in doing so is because you want to suspend any attribution of meaning (interpretation), until you know more about the other person through observation. Where are they coming from? What is their schtick? What is their intention? 

The usual reaction is to forget actual behavior (facts) and attribute intentions to the behavior. Our attributions are culturally biased and constitute barriers to connecting. More on this to come.

Observe the Other’s behavior, but suspend meaning. When we don’t hold-off attributing meaning, we create impediments for ourselves and work-life becomes difficult.

In 448 we are on the subject of culture, and we are developing an awareness of it. We are watching Kinky Boots and observing Charlie Price and Lola at two ends of the spectrum, joined at the hip, and trying to survive.

There is much at stake for all of us.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/24/2020 0:18:08
Subject: mirrors and windows (443)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

There will always be those of us who are 'flying by the seat of our pants’ and, forever running late with daily catastrophes hitting us, like meteors and drones.

These metaphors describe feelings. Felt-experiences in the physical body. 

It follows that if you change your metaphors, you can change your felt-experiences. 

How so?

It is about the art of framing and reframing. Please google Frame Analysis by Erving Goffman.

In your fishbowls, you are to use images, metaphors, readings, and story lines to cast situations in new perspective and open possibilities for "creative action.”

I like the metaphor of a “sniper.” I think I operate like one. Please don’t confuse me with “navel gazing” or solipsism.

Every posting that you are making in your fishbowls, however mundane and banal they might appear to you, is "creative action." People and organizations (in Strictly Ballroom for instance) tend to get trapped by the images that they hold of themselves and genuine change requires an ability to see and challenge these self-images in some way.

The above feelings show how images and metaphors can be used as “mirrors” through which people and groups can see themselves and their situations in fresh light, creating an opportunity for reflection and change. If one can look in the mirror and see oneself in a new way, the mirror can become a “window,” because it allows one to see the rest of the world with a fresh perspective. This is the job of a budding Designer like yourselves. Or, in terms of the imagery introduced earlier, your design will open new “horizons,” creating opportunities for new actions.

Hang in there. You will soon be taking creative actions to form your design. At this stage you are catching up on concepts and vocabulary. These are your building blocks. You are polishing your tools and laying them out for others to see: all images and metaphors!

Sanjiv

FRAME, ANALYSIS, TRAP, SEE, ABILITY, PERSPECTIVE

from the fishbowl...

dawsonjones

Posts: 41

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:34 am

Re: Interpreting Letters - Jones

Sun Feb 23, 2020 5:54 pm

Dialogues of Space

I looked up the meaning of 'dialogues of space". What I found is that it is a practical idea in the classroom and also a philosophical notion. It can also be thought of as an infinite space of potential meaning. A metaphor I found was "lots of puddles of water on a plain surface and each puddle seemed unique but actually they were all connected by hidden channels on the inside to an underground ocean".

I feel that exactly what we have created. A plethora of unique threads that are all interconnected within this network. We are thinking creatively on our own, therefore creating a dialogic space. We are seeing voices from several different perspectives on similar issues. Effectively building our thought processes and problem solving skills by learning to think differently. Our voices are our authority. We are making sense of other's perspectives. This opens up infinite possibility, being able to understand "dialogue" that has no specific content or meaning behind it. We are challenging ourselves and that is the best way to grow and learn because we have to think extra hard to reach our goals.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/23/2020 22:26:58
Subject: intersections and animations (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

The subject of the Fishbowl is the writing of (two) provocative thinkers and, especially, the diverse ways in which their thought is intertwined and enfolded through their collaboration. Please see Andrew Bikash’s postings below.

The courses (443 & 448) ostensible goal is to provide an initial orientation to such collaboration. Your fishbowls necessarily are a creative expression of your own angle of approach in reading. Your reflection develops in connection with work that other participants and interlocutors are elaborating in the fishbowl, and, indeed, you continue to express daily in ongoing interchange. You derive these intersections and animations predominantly from vocabulary and others' works (through your selections and interpretations), written together in your fishbowls in productive collaboration.

Sanjiv

INTERTWINE, ENFOLD, INTERSECTION, ANIMATION, COLLABORATE, INTERCHANGE, INTERLOCUTOR, CONNECTION

from the fishbowl...

andrewbikash

Posts: 116

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Immaterial labor, cybernetics, metaphor and symbolism

Mon Feb 10, 2020 1:54 pm

Immaterial labor describes how value is created from cognitive and affective activities. This means the value that comes from words or thoughts communicated by the members of the company. Immaterial labor is often associated with the technology industry in which software, coding, etc. are not material you can hold and it is not "real", in a sense. As you stated, the world is moving more and more towards the utilization of immaterial labor because most companies are not industrial and most industries are online. Being able to communicate and build an immaterial structure is an essential skill to have.

Cybernetics is the science of communication. Although cybernetics has been around since the beginning of civilization, science is taking on a new course in Artificial Intelligence. It is interesting that AI is building up a system of cybernetics within a machine. Is it even possible to do that when we haven't even fully understood the cybernetics within a living thing such as a human being? Have we fully grasped the consciousness and communication systems within humans? Does cybernetics involve decision-making processes within people? If we are learning how to hone these skills and master language and communication, won't these skills be pointless if Artificial Intelligence has fully developed these skills? Will AI ever be able to fully develop cybernetics?

andrewbikash

Posts: 116

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Constructing a knowing

Mon Feb 10, 2020 3:57 pm

Vertiginous change= unstable and quick differentiation

primitive ape-brains= foundation stage of how human beings process things

distorting filter of the internet= the online world is an illusion with infinitely different perspectives, it is almost impossible to figure out what is right and wrong

After looking at Mike Degnan's phrase interpretations, it is interesting that he also used primitive ape-brains, vertiginous change, and distorting filter of the internet. I'm sure vertiginous is a word a lot of people were eager to figure out what it meant. It is certainly a great way to describe everyday life in which change is all around us, every second of the day. I wonder why Mike associated his story on primitive ape-brains with an insult, I see it the meaning of it just being a foundation in how our brains think and evolve rather than associating it with someone who may be "slow". However, it made me happy to read that he has the same viewpoint on the internet as I do. The internet truly is a mess and it is extremely difficult to find 100% unbiased and accurate information on the world-wide-web.

andrewbikash

Posts: 116

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Abstractions

Wed Feb 12, 2020 1:52 pm

In today's class, we looked at abstracts that put different ideas and concepts into visual form. Although this was an intriguing concept, it would have been cool to spend a little more time on certain images, unless the point of the exercise was to quickly get an idea of what abstracts can look like, how they are all different, and that it is up to us as students and knowledge-gainers to interpret the meanings of such works. One of the pictures that caught my eye was the one with books giving people a height advantage. This gave me an easy-to-understand visual representation of the fact that with books, comes knowledge, and with knowledge, comes power!

This class seemed to loop right into the idea of phenomena and concepts. Although everything takes different forms, everything has its own unique meaning it is essential to give the time to understand the meaning of all things around you, especially specific words and images. I enjoy looking at pieces of abstract and art because it provides a window into what people are thinking and how they think. By understanding these concepts and adapting them as your own, you can only become more intelligent! However, it takes time and patience to master this skill. I am eager to continue developing!

As MSwalsh said, it is important to slow down and interpret the meanings of the little things, especially specific words and ideas. As he swims to slow time down and reflect, I like to sail and rock climb to slow down time and reflect on my life.

You- used to refer to the person or people the speaker is referring to

are- addressing someone as something else

on- physically in contact with and supported by something else

your- belonging to or associated with the person the speaker is addressing

way- a method, style, or manner of doing something

to- expressing motion in the direction of something

becoming- grow to be, turn into

a- used to refer to someone or something

phenomenologist- a scientist of phenomena as distinct from that as the nature of being, an approach that concentrates on the study of consciousness and the object of direct experience

and- used to connect words of the same concept

a - used to refer to someone or something

social- relating to its society or organization

constructivist- a practitioner of a style in which mechanical objects are combined into abstract mobile forms

andrewbikash

Posts: 116

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Knowledge work

Thu Feb 13, 2020 12:26 pm

The knowledge economy is an economy in which growth is dependent on the quantity, quality, and accessibility of the information available, rather than the means of production. The fishbowl is a great example of a knowledge economy as everyone in the class is a worker within the economy. The work we put into the fishbowl expands the base of information and knowledge available to the rest of the class. The interesting thing about the fishbowl is that knowledge and information can keep growing and expanding forever. Or can it? Isn't a fishbowl finite and limited to the bowl itself? How can our ecosystem of knowledge and information within the fishbowl keep growing forever? I thought nothing lasts forever? Regardless, everyone has the power to contribute to the knowledge economy. That's a special skill that all humans have! I am starting to realize that Sanjiv is trying to communicate to his students that they all have this skill and should be proud to use it. I admire Sanjiv's appreciation for the knowledge economy and its infinite possibilities. This is the best way to learn because the information is power and the goal of this course is developing information.

The knowledge (facts, information, and skills acquired by a person through experience or education, the theoretical or practical understanding of a subject) economy (the wealth of a country or region, especially in terms of production and consumption of goods and services) requires work from the knowledge workers, in order to grow. This work can be identified as immaterial labor. We are producing something without actually producing something. Immaterial labor is the knowledge we are creating and the information being put into the fishbowl. By just looking at the words, 'relational thinking in sociology' and 'cultural capital', it is clear why the concepts can be juxtaposed. Is the growth of the knowledge economy dependent on the people surrounding us? Does the knowledge we produce depend on where we grew up and what our backgrounds are? Depending on where someone grew up, does everyone have different amount of cultural capital? Or does everyone have the same amount of cultural capital, it just appears differently to the rest of us? Does everyone need a third-party or a teacher to summon the knowledge and information within us to provide the ability to share and contribute to the knowledge economy? Why or how isn't there a way to make everyone comfortable enough to share the knowledge and information they possess? Is it even possible to do that or is time and patience the only answer to that issue? Is the fishbowl our best answer to these problems?

Relational (concerning the way in which two or more people or things are connected) thinking (the process of using one's mind to consider or reason about something) in (expressing the situation of something that is or appears to be enclosed or surrounded by something else) sociology (the study of the development, structure, and function of human society; the study of social problems). I saw a graphic that visually represented the concept of relational thinking in sociology. In the middle, or in the core, it said "Ideational (relating to the formation of ideas or concepts) Core (the central or more important part of something) of (expressing the relationship between a part and a whole) Relational (concerning the way in which two or more things are connected) Thinking (the process of using one's mind to consider or reason about something)" and surrounding the core were the concepts "Rejection (dismissing or refusing an idea, proposal, etc.) of Modern (relating to the present or recent times as opposed to remote past) Dualisms (The division of something conceptually into two opposed or contrasted aspects, or the state of being so divided)", "Principle (a fundamental truth or proposition that serves as the foundation for a system of belief or behavior or for a chain of reasoning) of Processual (Relating to or involving the study of processes rather than discrete events) Thinking", "Rejection of Substances (the quality of being important, valid, or significant)", "Principle of Interdependency (the dependence of two or more things on each other)", and "Principle of Co-Production (the act of creating something with another person)". Does this relate to the constant reflection we should be aspiring to achieve? In order to maximize relational thinking in sociology, do we have to ignore the divisions and differences among us and unite?

andrewbikash

Posts: 116

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Symbol

Sun Feb 16, 2020 2:15 pm

Looking at the meaning of Andrew, it is hard to believe that the choice of my name relates to any of the meanings, I think it goes deeper than that. Most of the meanings of the word itself are that it means strong man, brave, and manly. Although I can associate with these symbols, knowing my parents, it is hard to believe that they chose Andrew to be my name for the associated qualities and characteristics. I think any name, in general, represents strength and power. This is a symbol that everyone has and everyone should wear well and be proud of it.

I think in reality, Andrew just fit with my last name Bikash well and my parents happened to choose that name but maybe it goes deeper than that. Maybe Andrew represented a symbol of my parents' love or marriage in some way, maybe there was some event that triggered each of them to name me Andrew. At the same time though, I have two younger twin brothers named Adam and Alex so maybe the letter "A" played a role in the name choices but who knows!

However, in the spirit of Valentine's Day, over time love has been the most universal symbol among all humans and cultures. If symbols are a constant requirement of human nature, love is by far the most prevalent symbol. People of different cultures commonly share the love for things in society. Sports are a great example. Sports unify the world because it is the one way to bring together everyone's individual love for their team or country. Everyone's country or team represents something personal for people because it simply represents where you are from, a commonality among all people, and who doesn't love their home? Sports are a great way to show pride and love and share it with others. A championship always brings a parade to their respective cities which shows the unification and common love among millions of people. Love is the easiest way to bring about happiness throughout the human race. Does this mean the meaning of life is to just love one another and simply enjoy the moment? Is this the way to unify everyone under one common symbol?

andrewbikash

Posts: 116

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

My Creative Process

Sun Feb 16, 2020 3:07 pm

Something I have been practicing in this course is asking questions. In the past, especially when writing, I would let my instincts take over and just let my thoughts flood onto the paper and let my inner self be the passenger in triggering the thoughts and creativity in my head. Although I still do that, instead of constructing opinions and putting together statements, I am practicing putting my thoughts into questions. Am I doing this to help trigger an audience or is this a different way of letting my mind roam free and spark thoughts?

I can define my thoughts as being on two different levels. On one level, I will focus on the big picture and focus my decisions on how it may affect me down the road. These thoughts are much more limited to staying inside my head and are unlikely to be communicated to anyone but myself. In this thought process, I let my mind freeflow but I try to control it in a way that I try to follow one message or mission and let my thoughts revolve around whatever that is. For example, when defining vocabulary, I will define the vocabulary and that definition acts as a core for where my brain decides to journey. In this scenario, my brain will typically trigger memories or personal stories that somehow relate to the core. At this point, it is up to me to communicate these thoughts, but in this course, it is apparent that I need to communicate in order to be successful.

On another level, I limit my thoughts and let my instincts take over. This thought process is much more apparent when I am communicating with others whether through voice or text. For example, when I write out one sentence or say something, another thing may pop up inside my head and this process formulates another chain of thoughts inside my head. I think the difference between the two thought processes is that one has a core and the doesn't.

Like I said before, this thought process has been apparent in this course and I am phrasing a lot of it in the form of questions. When writing this post, I was originally putting together vocabulary for the valentine symbol letter but my brain wanted to explore my creative thought process so I trusted my instinct and let my thoughts roll out into the fishbowl. To others, it may look like ranting but it is an interesting feeling to communicate and bring your thoughts into the world rather than just keep them within your head. I sincerely admire the fishbowl for this reason. The fishbowl provides the environment for students to open the floodgates within their brains and just let thoughts roll out, regardless if they are right or wrong. Not only that, this is a much better concept than opening the classroom for discussion because I don't think the results would be the same as many students, including myself, would be more insecure about sharing thoughts vocally with the rest of the class, rather than through text in the fishbowl. Although this is a small sample of my daily thought process but is this how all people or people my age think or does everyone have their own unique creative thought process?

I am inspired by Lea's post in the fishbowl about her creative process and her inspiration of the late Mac Miller. This makes me realize that my creative process is impacted by my surroundings, environment, and culture. By reading about her creative process, it helps me realize some parts of my creative process that I didn't even know about. For example, when she describes a situation when she is having trouble with bringing an image in her head and making it a reality, she gets frustrated and it takes a minute for her to realize nothing is perfect because it's perfect. It's perfect because she made it and it is coming from her own creative, singular thought. This makes me think about how my creative process is impacted by my surroundings and it is important to be open and absorb as much information and knowledge around you as you can because although no one is perfect, as a whole, we are perfect and by being honest in the fishbowl about ourselves plays a part within a larger entity of changing and growing as people. The fishbowl is the way to learn from each other, thus learn more about ourselves, and go from there.

andrewbikash

Posts: 116

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Know, make, discover

Sun Feb 16, 2020 3:40 pm

"Just play around, do not be afraid, and give yourself time." I admire this line from Lea not just because it is a universal thought process that anyone can incorporate, but the fact that it is the true way to learn, trial and error. If we only live once, why not do what you are feeling and experiment with different and learn about how you can grow and utilize your surroundings to do so? Lea's inclusion of Mac Miller inspired me to learn more about someone who was able to influence so many and the thought process of millions, Albert Einstein.

Einstein changed the way that people look and travel around the world and the universe as a whole. One of the things that Einstein did was take a daily music break and play his violin. This deep dive into a musical endeavor was one of the ways creativity was sparked in Einstein's brain. Does this mean that his best ideas were triggered when we were dedicating time to something that is a true, passionate interest of his? Is this break from professional work essential to excelling intellectual thought? Including play into your routine allows your brain to bridge different realms (such as music, art, reading) and those connections spark new ideas. Finding your deepest desires and spending time with all of them is essential to growing as people. Another concept that caught my eye about Einstein's creative process was that creativity can't be summoned and most of it is random. Although reflection and stepping back is important, but it is even more important to mix processes like that with committed work time. Although thoughts spark randomly, the sequential pattern of life between work and play is vital to creative processes. For Einstein, most of his creative thoughts were triggered when he spent time with his violin. The time spent learning and examining physics would not be nearly as impactful without reflection time. It is that mix that made Einstein one of the most creative and influential people in history.

andrewbikash

Posts: 116

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Group Dynamics

Wed Feb 19, 2020 11:27 am

Group dynamics are used for understanding decision-making behavior and are a system of behaviors and psychological processes within social groups. They also concern how groups are formed, their structure and process, and how they function.

The fishbowl is a great place to study group dynamics. We are able to witness how are class functions as a group and how we respond to each other and ultimately creatively think. It is clear that we are only fooling ourselves if we believe that everyone learns and communicates like everyone else. That is not the case and the fishbowl is a great place to observe the different ways students process information and communicate personal connections to concepts brought forth in the course. By taking a step back and looking at the group as a whole, you are not only able to understand the group as a whole better but you are also able to discover the different bright spots throughout the group where students are thriving and learning quickly but you can also see the darker spots where students may be struggling with the learning process. It is important to study group dynamics to fully understand yourself.

andrewbikash

Posts: 116

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Participation is Power

 Wed Feb 19, 2020 11:40 am

I am starting to understand why you don’t believe in deadlines. I chose to respond to your letters last night after a long, tiring day and I realized that my work may not meet its potential if I force myself to communicate my thoughts in the exhausted state I was in last night. It is important to reflect and know when rest is needed because growth requires rest and a committed routine. Everyone learns at their own pace. Learning requires patience and a positive attitude. By forcing it, I am only hurting the growth of myself.

Everyone participates and grows at different levels, but I believe we all have the same potential. Some students can dive right into the fishbowl process and contribute while others need something to hit them in a way that in order to succeed in both the course and in life, you must participate. Does participation level determine intelligence? Insecurity? Drive? Laziness? Or none of the above? I truly believe that everyone has something to contribute in any group setting whether its a lot or a little, but maybe for some people, patience is the answer. Everyone grows, develops, and thinks differently, so why force the growth when the best growth comes naturally? As you said, collaborative writing and creating value for each other is an important part of the learning process.

andrewbikash

Posts: 116

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Creating Mental Spaces

Fri Feb 21, 2020 11:26 am

Space is the freedom or opportunity to express oneself, resolve a personal difficulty, be alone, etc.; allowance, understanding, noninterference. Does the more space you have lead to more happiness? Sadness? Is space required for concepts to settle into your brain? Why do people choose to dedicate their lives to living in free space rather than with the rest of society? Is this because they want to be free from the stresses of their cultures? What about their friends and family? Are some people so inclined to free time that they completely isolate themselves from the rest of the world? Why do some people choose this strict meditation/reflection lifestyle and some don't? Do some people connect more with mental spaces than others?

This is the beauty of the fishbowl. It is completely dependent on ourselves as students and determining how much effort and time we want to dedicate to building metaphors. The fishbowl provides its students with true space. With limited class time and in-class work, students can use their own space to break down the fishbowl and communicate on a truly personal basis, with no barriers or fear.

Multitude means a large number of or an abundance. In terms of politics, it seems that multitudes are a way of breaking down formal democracy and old forms of imperialism. Multitudes are an ideal form of governance that harness the singularity and creativity of masses and groups to lead cultures around the world. However, I am unsure about what this specifically means. It seems that Negri and Hardt created the concept as a way of describing an Empire without structure but I am struggling to grasp the roots of the concept. However, in terms of the fishbowl, does the multitude mean that we are all contributing our felt-experiences to create something larger? And this larger entity requires the creativity of the multitude of students?

andrewbikash

Posts: 116

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Reading and Writing

Fri Feb 21, 2020 1:08 pm

Social constructionism is a theory of knowledge in sociology and communication theory that examines the development of jointly-constructed understandings of the world that form the basis for shared assumptions about reality.

Throughout my life so far, social constructionism has been a concept that I feel has been suppressed by my education. Classes have always revolved around the concept of "read, lecture, test, repeat", with no room for social constructionism. Not only does this concept limit my learning in which the information I have learned through this message goes in one ear and out the other, but it upsetting to think about why so many educators use this model.

This is why I admire the fishbowl. It is a place that fosters collaboration and learning from one another based on metaphors and designs we all create. Through the fishbowl, we are able to assemble our thoughts and create a bridge between the dictionary and our felt-experiences, as you said. I sense that the dictionary is the most unbiased piece of literature ever created. Doesn't this mean that a dictionary is the only piece of literature every single person has the ability to learn from? Rather than concepts that someone else created and limit the ability of others to intuitively think and deconstruct those concepts.

andrewbikash

Posts: 116

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Love/leadership

Sun Feb 23, 2020 2:56 pm

In Praise of Love is about Alan Badiou's theory that love is under threat. He believes that love is an existential project and a constantly unfolding quest for truth. The quest begins with the chance encounter, an event that forever changes the two individuals, challenging them "to see the world from the point of view of two rather than one." This, Badiou believes is love's most essential transfiguration. The story urges readers to see love as an adventure rather than fear it as well as see it as a magnificent quest that compels us to otherness and difference, ultimately leading us away from an obsession with the self.

What about the morning's headlines made you despair (the complete loss or absence of hope) and groan (a deep inarticulate sound made in pain or despair)? Why should people ever be in despair and groan? As long as you are living and breathing, what is there to be upset about?

"There is nothing your fishbowl can't do together." All members of the fishbowl have the same opportunity to share reflections and love. Why is easier for some people to share the love and felt-experiences? In reality, there is no such thing as a free lunch. However, the one thing that is truly free is a smile. Every person has the ability to share the love and give someone a smile, but why is it that most people don't? It's so easy, personal, and takes no thoughts behind it! Anyone can be a leader if they want, so what is it that drives the people that actually follow through on their aspirations?

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/23/2020 22:26:20
Subject: intersections and animations (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

The subject of the Fishbowl is the writing of (two) provocative thinkers and, especially, the diverse ways in which their thought is intertwined and enfolded through their collaboration. Please see Andrew Bikash’s postings below.

The courses (443 & 448) ostensible goal is to provide an initial orientation to such collaboration. Your fishbowls necessarily are a creative expression of your own angle of approach in reading. Your reflection develops in connection with work that other participants and interlocutors are elaborating in the fishbowl, and, indeed, you continue to express daily in ongoing interchange. You derive these intersections and animations predominantly from vocabulary and others' works (through your selections and interpretations), written together in your fishbowls in productive collaboration.

Sanjiv

INTERTWINE, ENFOLD, INTERSECTION, ANIMATION, COLLABORATE, INTERCHANGE, INTERLOCUTOR, CONNECTION

from the fishbowl...

andrewbikash

Posts: 116

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Immaterial labor, cybernetics, metaphor and symbolism

Mon Feb 10, 2020 1:54 pm

Immaterial labor describes how value is created from cognitive and affective activities. This means the value that comes from words or thoughts communicated by the members of the company. Immaterial labor is often associated with the technology industry in which software, coding, etc. are not material you can hold and it is not "real", in a sense. As you stated, the world is moving more and more towards the utilization of immaterial labor because most companies are not industrial and most industries are online. Being able to communicate and build an immaterial structure is an essential skill to have.

Cybernetics is the science of communication. Although cybernetics has been around since the beginning of civilization, science is taking on a new course in Artificial Intelligence. It is interesting that AI is building up a system of cybernetics within a machine. Is it even possible to do that when we haven't even fully understood the cybernetics within a living thing such as a human being? Have we fully grasped the consciousness and communication systems within humans? Does cybernetics involve decision-making processes within people? If we are learning how to hone these skills and master language and communication, won't these skills be pointless if Artificial Intelligence has fully developed these skills? Will AI ever be able to fully develop cybernetics?

andrewbikash

Posts: 116

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Constructing a knowing

Mon Feb 10, 2020 3:57 pm

Vertiginous change= unstable and quick differentiation

primitive ape-brains= foundation stage of how human beings process things

distorting filter of the internet= the online world is an illusion with infinitely different perspectives, it is almost impossible to figure out what is right and wrong

After looking at Mike Degnan's phrase interpretations, it is interesting that he also used primitive ape-brains, vertiginous change, and distorting filter of the internet. I'm sure vertiginous is a word a lot of people were eager to figure out what it meant. It is certainly a great way to describe everyday life in which change is all around us, every second of the day. I wonder why Mike associated his story on primitive ape-brains with an insult, I see it the meaning of it just being a foundation in how our brains think and evolve rather than associating it with someone who may be "slow". However, it made me happy to read that he has the same viewpoint on the internet as I do. The internet truly is a mess and it is extremely difficult to find 100% unbiased and accurate information on the world-wide-web.

andrewbikash

Posts: 116

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Abstractions

Wed Feb 12, 2020 1:52 pm

In today's class, we looked at abstracts that put different ideas and concepts into visual form. Although this was an intriguing concept, it would have been cool to spend a little more time on certain images, unless the point of the exercise was to quickly get an idea of what abstracts can look like, how they are all different, and that it is up to us as students and knowledge-gainers to interpret the meanings of such works. One of the pictures that caught my eye was the one with books giving people a height advantage. This gave me an easy-to-understand visual representation of the fact that with books, comes knowledge, and with knowledge, comes power!

This class seemed to loop right into the idea of phenomena and concepts. Although everything takes different forms, everything has its own unique meaning it is essential to give the time to understand the meaning of all things around you, especially specific words and images. I enjoy looking at pieces of abstract and art because it provides a window into what people are thinking and how they think. By understanding these concepts and adapting them as your own, you can only become more intelligent! However, it takes time and patience to master this skill. I am eager to continue developing!

As MSwalsh said, it is important to slow down and interpret the meanings of the little things, especially specific words and ideas. As he swims to slow time down and reflect, I like to sail and rock climb to slow down time and reflect on my life.

You- used to refer to the person or people the speaker is referring to

are- addressing someone as something else

on- physically in contact with and supported by something else

your- belonging to or associated with the person the speaker is addressing

way- a method, style, or manner of doing something

to- expressing motion in the direction of something

becoming- grow to be, turn into

a- used to refer to someone or something

phenomenologist- a scientist of phenomena as distinct from that as the nature of being, an approach that concentrates on the study of consciousness and the object of direct experience

and- used to connect words of the same concept

a - used to refer to someone or something

social- relating to its society or organization

constructivist- a practitioner of a style in which mechanical objects are combined into abstract mobile forms

andrewbikash

Posts: 116

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Knowledge work

Thu Feb 13, 2020 12:26 pm

The knowledge economy is an economy in which growth is dependent on the quantity, quality, and accessibility of the information available, rather than the means of production. The fishbowl is a great example of a knowledge economy as everyone in the class is a worker within the economy. The work we put into the fishbowl expands the base of information and knowledge available to the rest of the class. The interesting thing about the fishbowl is that knowledge and information can keep growing and expanding forever. Or can it? Isn't a fishbowl finite and limited to the bowl itself? How can our ecosystem of knowledge and information within the fishbowl keep growing forever? I thought nothing lasts forever? Regardless, everyone has the power to contribute to the knowledge economy. That's a special skill that all humans have! I am starting to realize that Sanjiv is trying to communicate to his students that they all have this skill and should be proud to use it. I admire Sanjiv's appreciation for the knowledge economy and its infinite possibilities. This is the best way to learn because the information is power and the goal of this course is developing information.

The knowledge (facts, information, and skills acquired by a person through experience or education, the theoretical or practical understanding of a subject) economy (the wealth of a country or region, especially in terms of production and consumption of goods and services) requires work from the knowledge workers, in order to grow. This work can be identified as immaterial labor. We are producing something without actually producing something. Immaterial labor is the knowledge we are creating and the information being put into the fishbowl. By just looking at the words, 'relational thinking in sociology' and 'cultural capital', it is clear why the concepts can be juxtaposed. Is the growth of the knowledge economy dependent on the people surrounding us? Does the knowledge we produce depend on where we grew up and what our backgrounds are? Depending on where someone grew up, does everyone have different amount of cultural capital? Or does everyone have the same amount of cultural capital, it just appears differently to the rest of us? Does everyone need a third-party or a teacher to summon the knowledge and information within us to provide the ability to share and contribute to the knowledge economy? Why or how isn't there a way to make everyone comfortable enough to share the knowledge and information they possess? Is it even possible to do that or is time and patience the only answer to that issue? Is the fishbowl our best answer to these problems?

Relational (concerning the way in which two or more people or things are connected) thinking (the process of using one's mind to consider or reason about something) in (expressing the situation of something that is or appears to be enclosed or surrounded by something else) sociology (the study of the development, structure, and function of human society; the study of social problems). I saw a graphic that visually represented the concept of relational thinking in sociology. In the middle, or in the core, it said "Ideational (relating to the formation of ideas or concepts) Core (the central or more important part of something) of (expressing the relationship between a part and a whole) Relational (concerning the way in which two or more things are connected) Thinking (the process of using one's mind to consider or reason about something)" and surrounding the core were the concepts "Rejection (dismissing or refusing an idea, proposal, etc.) of Modern (relating to the present or recent times as opposed to remote past) Dualisms (The division of something conceptually into two opposed or contrasted aspects, or the state of being so divided)", "Principle (a fundamental truth or proposition that serves as the foundation for a system of belief or behavior or for a chain of reasoning) of Processual (Relating to or involving the study of processes rather than discrete events) Thinking", "Rejection of Substances (the quality of being important, valid, or significant)", "Principle of Interdependency (the dependence of two or more things on each other)", and "Principle of Co-Production (the act of creating something with another person)". Does this relate to the constant reflection we should be aspiring to achieve? In order to maximize relational thinking in sociology, do we have to ignore the divisions and differences among us and unite?

andrewbikash

Posts: 116

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Symbol

Sun Feb 16, 2020 2:15 pm

Looking at the meaning of Andrew, it is hard to believe that the choice of my name relates to any of the meanings, I think it goes deeper than that. Most of the meanings of the word itself are that it means strong man, brave, and manly. Although I can associate with these symbols, knowing my parents, it is hard to believe that they chose Andrew to be my name for the associated qualities and characteristics. I think any name, in general, represents strength and power. This is a symbol that everyone has and everyone should wear well and be proud of it.

I think in reality, Andrew just fit with my last name Bikash well and my parents happened to choose that name but maybe it goes deeper than that. Maybe Andrew represented a symbol of my parents' love or marriage in some way, maybe there was some event that triggered each of them to name me Andrew. At the same time though, I have two younger twin brothers named Adam and Alex so maybe the letter "A" played a role in the name choices but who knows!

However, in the spirit of Valentine's Day, over time love has been the most universal symbol among all humans and cultures. If symbols are a constant requirement of human nature, love is by far the most prevalent symbol. People of different cultures commonly share the love for things in society. Sports are a great example. Sports unify the world because it is the one way to bring together everyone's individual love for their team or country. Everyone's country or team represents something personal for people because it simply represents where you are from, a commonality among all people, and who doesn't love their home? Sports are a great way to show pride and love and share it with others. A championship always brings a parade to their respective cities which shows the unification and common love among millions of people. Love is the easiest way to bring about happiness throughout the human race. Does this mean the meaning of life is to just love one another and simply enjoy the moment? Is this the way to unify everyone under one common symbol?

andrewbikash

Posts: 116

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

My Creative Process

Sun Feb 16, 2020 3:07 pm

Something I have been practicing in this course is asking questions. In the past, especially when writing, I would let my instincts take over and just let my thoughts flood onto the paper and let my inner self be the passenger in triggering the thoughts and creativity in my head. Although I still do that, instead of constructing opinions and putting together statements, I am practicing putting my thoughts into questions. Am I doing this to help trigger an audience or is this a different way of letting my mind roam free and spark thoughts?

I can define my thoughts as being on two different levels. On one level, I will focus on the big picture and focus my decisions on how it may affect me down the road. These thoughts are much more limited to staying inside my head and are unlikely to be communicated to anyone but myself. In this thought process, I let my mind freeflow but I try to control it in a way that I try to follow one message or mission and let my thoughts revolve around whatever that is. For example, when defining vocabulary, I will define the vocabulary and that definition acts as a core for where my brain decides to journey. In this scenario, my brain will typically trigger memories or personal stories that somehow relate to the core. At this point, it is up to me to communicate these thoughts, but in this course, it is apparent that I need to communicate in order to be successful.

On another level, I limit my thoughts and let my instincts take over. This thought process is much more apparent when I am communicating with others whether through voice or text. For example, when I write out one sentence or say something, another thing may pop up inside my head and this process formulates another chain of thoughts inside my head. I think the difference between the two thought processes is that one has a core and the doesn't.

Like I said before, this thought process has been apparent in this course and I am phrasing a lot of it in the form of questions. When writing this post, I was originally putting together vocabulary for the valentine symbol letter but my brain wanted to explore my creative thought process so I trusted my instinct and let my thoughts roll out into the fishbowl. To others, it may look like ranting but it is an interesting feeling to communicate and bring your thoughts into the world rather than just keep them within your head. I sincerely admire the fishbowl for this reason. The fishbowl provides the environment for students to open the floodgates within their brains and just let thoughts roll out, regardless if they are right or wrong. Not only that, this is a much better concept than opening the classroom for discussion because I don't think the results would be the same as many students, including myself, would be more insecure about sharing thoughts vocally with the rest of the class, rather than through text in the fishbowl. Although this is a small sample of my daily thought process but is this how all people or people my age think or does everyone have their own unique creative thought process?

I am inspired by Lea's post in the fishbowl about her creative process and her inspiration of the late Mac Miller. This makes me realize that my creative process is impacted by my surroundings, environment, and culture. By reading about her creative process, it helps me realize some parts of my creative process that I didn't even know about. For example, when she describes a situation when she is having trouble with bringing an image in her head and making it a reality, she gets frustrated and it takes a minute for her to realize nothing is perfect because it's perfect. It's perfect because she made it and it is coming from her own creative, singular thought. This makes me think about how my creative process is impacted by my surroundings and it is important to be open and absorb as much information and knowledge around you as you can because although no one is perfect, as a whole, we are perfect and by being honest in the fishbowl about ourselves plays a part within a larger entity of changing and growing as people. The fishbowl is the way to learn from each other, thus learn more about ourselves, and go from there.

andrewbikash

Posts: 116

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Know, make, discover

Sun Feb 16, 2020 3:40 pm

"Just play around, do not be afraid, and give yourself time." I admire this line from Lea not just because it is a universal thought process that anyone can incorporate, but the fact that it is the true way to learn, trial and error. If we only live once, why not do what you are feeling and experiment with different and learn about how you can grow and utilize your surroundings to do so? Lea's inclusion of Mac Miller inspired me to learn more about someone who was able to influence so many and the thought process of millions, Albert Einstein.

Einstein changed the way that people look and travel around the world and the universe as a whole. One of the things that Einstein did was take a daily music break and play his violin. This deep dive into a musical endeavor was one of the ways creativity was sparked in Einstein's brain. Does this mean that his best ideas were triggered when we were dedicating time to something that is a true, passionate interest of his? Is this break from professional work essential to excelling intellectual thought? Including play into your routine allows your brain to bridge different realms (such as music, art, reading) and those connections spark new ideas. Finding your deepest desires and spending time with all of them is essential to growing as people. Another concept that caught my eye about Einstein's creative process was that creativity can't be summoned and most of it is random. Although reflection and stepping back is important, but it is even more important to mix processes like that with committed work time. Although thoughts spark randomly, the sequential pattern of life between work and play is vital to creative processes. For Einstein, most of his creative thoughts were triggered when he spent time with his violin. The time spent learning and examining physics would not be nearly as impactful without reflection time. It is that mix that made Einstein one of the most creative and influential people in history.

andrewbikash

Posts: 116

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Group Dynamics

Wed Feb 19, 2020 11:27 am

Group dynamics are used for understanding decision-making behavior and are a system of behaviors and psychological processes within social groups. They also concern how groups are formed, their structure and process, and how they function.

The fishbowl is a great place to study group dynamics. We are able to witness how are class functions as a group and how we respond to each other and ultimately creatively think. It is clear that we are only fooling ourselves if we believe that everyone learns and communicates like everyone else. That is not the case and the fishbowl is a great place to observe the different ways students process information and communicate personal connections to concepts brought forth in the course. By taking a step back and looking at the group as a whole, you are not only able to understand the group as a whole better but you are also able to discover the different bright spots throughout the group where students are thriving and learning quickly but you can also see the darker spots where students may be struggling with the learning process. It is important to study group dynamics to fully understand yourself.

andrewbikash

Posts: 116

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Participation is Power

 Wed Feb 19, 2020 11:40 am

I am starting to understand why you don’t believe in deadlines. I chose to respond to your letters last night after a long, tiring day and I realized that my work may not meet its potential if I force myself to communicate my thoughts in the exhausted state I was in last night. It is important to reflect and know when rest is needed because growth requires rest and a committed routine. Everyone learns at their own pace. Learning requires patience and a positive attitude. By forcing it, I am only hurting the growth of myself.

Everyone participates and grows at different levels, but I believe we all have the same potential. Some students can dive right into the fishbowl process and contribute while others need something to hit them in a way that in order to succeed in both the course and in life, you must participate. Does participation level determine intelligence? Insecurity? Drive? Laziness? Or none of the above? I truly believe that everyone has something to contribute in any group setting whether its a lot or a little, but maybe for some people, patience is the answer. Everyone grows, develops, and thinks differently, so why force the growth when the best growth comes naturally? As you said, collaborative writing and creating value for each other is an important part of the learning process.

andrewbikash

Posts: 116

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Creating Mental Spaces

Fri Feb 21, 2020 11:26 am

Space is the freedom or opportunity to express oneself, resolve a personal difficulty, be alone, etc.; allowance, understanding, noninterference. Does the more space you have lead to more happiness? Sadness? Is space required for concepts to settle into your brain? Why do people choose to dedicate their lives to living in free space rather than with the rest of society? Is this because they want to be free from the stresses of their cultures? What about their friends and family? Are some people so inclined to free time that they completely isolate themselves from the rest of the world? Why do some people choose this strict meditation/reflection lifestyle and some don't? Do some people connect more with mental spaces than others?

This is the beauty of the fishbowl. It is completely dependent on ourselves as students and determining how much effort and time we want to dedicate to building metaphors. The fishbowl provides its students with true space. With limited class time and in-class work, students can use their own space to break down the fishbowl and communicate on a truly personal basis, with no barriers or fear.

Multitude means a large number of or an abundance. In terms of politics, it seems that multitudes are a way of breaking down formal democracy and old forms of imperialism. Multitudes are an ideal form of governance that harness the singularity and creativity of masses and groups to lead cultures around the world. However, I am unsure about what this specifically means. It seems that Negri and Hardt created the concept as a way of describing an Empire without structure but I am struggling to grasp the roots of the concept. However, in terms of the fishbowl, does the multitude mean that we are all contributing our felt-experiences to create something larger? And this larger entity requires the creativity of the multitude of students?

andrewbikash

Posts: 116

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Reading and Writing

Fri Feb 21, 2020 1:08 pm

Social constructionism is a theory of knowledge in sociology and communication theory that examines the development of jointly-constructed understandings of the world that form the basis for shared assumptions about reality.

Throughout my life so far, social constructionism has been a concept that I feel has been suppressed by my education. Classes have always revolved around the concept of "read, lecture, test, repeat", with no room for social constructionism. Not only does this concept limit my learning in which the information I have learned through this message goes in one ear and out the other, but it upsetting to think about why so many educators use this model.

This is why I admire the fishbowl. It is a place that fosters collaboration and learning from one another based on metaphors and designs we all create. Through the fishbowl, we are able to assemble our thoughts and create a bridge between the dictionary and our felt-experiences, as you said. I sense that the dictionary is the most unbiased piece of literature ever created. Doesn't this mean that a dictionary is the only piece of literature every single person has the ability to learn from? Rather than concepts that someone else created and limit the ability of others to intuitively think and deconstruct those concepts.

andrewbikash

Posts: 116

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Love/leadership

Sun Feb 23, 2020 2:56 pm

In Praise of Love is about Alan Badiou's theory that love is under threat. He believes that love is an existential project and a constantly unfolding quest for truth. The quest begins with the chance encounter, an event that forever changes the two individuals, challenging them "to see the world from the point of view of two rather than one." This, Badiou believes is love's most essential transfiguration. The story urges readers to see love as an adventure rather than fear it as well as see it as a magnificent quest that compels us to otherness and difference, ultimately leading us away from an obsession with the self.

What about the morning's headlines made you despair (the complete loss or absence of hope) and groan (a deep inarticulate sound made in pain or despair)? Why should people ever be in despair and groan? As long as you are living and breathing, what is there to be upset about?

"There is nothing your fishbowl can't do together." All members of the fishbowl have the same opportunity to share reflections and love. Why is easier for some people to share the love and felt-experiences? In reality, there is no such thing as a free lunch. However, the one thing that is truly free is a smile. Every person has the ability to share the love and give someone a smile, but why is it that most people don't? It's so easy, personal, and takes no thoughts behind it! Anyone can be a leader if they want, so what is it that drives the people that actually follow through on their aspirations?

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/23/2020 3:46:51
Subject: creating value by sharing felt-experiences (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
"Our felt experiences are the key to our success; we must embody them, embrace them, and connect with them. This is how we are to be successful.” (Nick Collici, Fishbowl Spr20)

Hi Everyone,

That’s a great quote from Nick Collici. Please see his posting below.

Your felt-experiences are thought-images which you retrieve from memory and describe in your postings. Your thought-image is manifest and embodied in your text.

The same principle applies to brands. Brands are thought-images manifest and embodied in things. When you buy a brand, you are buying a thought or a philosophy that makes you feel powerful, which raises your stature in the eyes of those who matter to you. 

Naturally, people are willing to pay a lot of money for such “codes." The cost of making a product is much less than the cost at which brands are sold. Make your fishbowl into a brand and sell it. In order to charge a premium, great effort has to be made to establish your brands’s philosophy in a cultural landscape. It is building your fishbowl's "cultural capital." See Pierre Bourdieu. 

Unless people are able to “decode" what your brand stands for, it will have no value. I felt betrayed when he thought I would drive a Mercedes! My vehicle is a Jeep Renegade! We create value by sharing our felt-experiences with each other. We increase our "cultural capital” as a fishbowl, and become a brand; we charge a lot of money.

Sanjiv

CODE, DECODE, EMBODY, MANIFEST, BRAND, THOUGHT, IMAGE

from the fishbowl...

nickcolicci

Posts: 187

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Re: Dialogics of Space

 Sat Feb 22, 2020 9:53 pm

As Walter Lippman put it, "Culture is the name for what people are interested in, their thoughts, their models, the books they read and the speeches they hear”. Our Fishbowl groups are being defined in this same manner. As a trio, we are using intersubjectivity and intertextuality to share words, text, phrases, and experiences to develop the culture we envision. We are not following a normal vision of culture, rather we are defining to fit our own desire and experiences. Quite honestly, I enjoy this freedom. I enjoy the ability that I have to use my own experiences, in conjunction with my peers, to create a culture I enjoy and want to immerse myself in. This is preparing me with the skillsets and abilities to enter international business scenarios or negotiations, understand the situation, and act accordingly. It is an invaluable set of skills that will elevate me above my competitors.

Dominik makes a good point when she states "Experience helps to understand which words to choose best for which person". Before I started viewing words and phrases based on my experiences, I was at a loss when I came across convoluted language I did not understand. However, by thinking back into my memory and archives, certain words and phrases have stuck out to me when I think about a sentence in terms of my personal experiences. It has opened me to a new manner of thinking, one that will take time to develop but will yield great benefits and critical thinking skills I can apply in the business world. We are chasing our goals and by using words and personal experiences, approaching our horizon and marks. Our felt experiences are the key to our success; we must embody them, embrace them, and connect with them. This is how we are to be successful.

Although I posted the above paragraph in my 443 group, I wanted to repost it for my peers to read in this course. It was an important, and life-changing, revelation that has shifted my thought processes and mental structure. I hope it does the same for others as well.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/23/2020 3:45:36
Subject: creating value by sharing felt-experiences (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
"Our felt experiences are the key to our success; we must embody them, embrace them, and connect with them. This is how we are to be successful.” (Nick Collici, Fishbowl Spr20)

Hi Everyone,

That’s a great quote from Nick Collici. Please see his posting below.

Your felt-experiences are thought-images which you retrieve from memory and describe in your postings. Your thought-image is manifest and embodied in your text.

The same principle applies to brands. Brands are thought-images manifest and embodied in things. When you buy a brand, you are buying a thought or a philosophy that makes you feel powerful, which raises your stature in the eyes of those who matter to you. 

Naturally, people are willing to pay a lot of money for such “codes." The cost of making a product is much less than the cost at which brands are sold. Make your fishbowl into a brand and sell it. In order to charge a premium, great effort has to be made to establish your brands’s philosophy in a cultural landscape. It is building your fishbowl's "cultural capital." See Pierre Bourdieu. 

Unless people are able to “decode" what your brand stands for, it will have no value. I felt betrayed when he thought I would drive a Mercedes! My vehicle is a Jeep Renegade! We create value by sharing our felt-experiences with each other. We increase our "cultural capital” as a fishbowl, and become a brand; we charge a lot of money.

Sanjiv

CODE, DECODE, EMBODY, MANIFEST, BRAND, THOUGHT, IMAGE

from the fishbowl...

nickcolicci

Posts: 187

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

Re: Dialogics of Space

 Sat Feb 22, 2020 9:53 pm

As Walter Lippman put it, "Culture is the name for what people are interested in, their thoughts, their models, the books they read and the speeches they hear”. Our Fishbowl groups are being defined in this same manner. As a trio, we are using intersubjectivity and intertextuality to share words, text, phrases, and experiences to develop the culture we envision. We are not following a normal vision of culture, rather we are defining to fit our own desire and experiences. Quite honestly, I enjoy this freedom. I enjoy the ability that I have to use my own experiences, in conjunction with my peers, to create a culture I enjoy and want to immerse myself in. This is preparing me with the skillsets and abilities to enter international business scenarios or negotiations, understand the situation, and act accordingly. It is an invaluable set of skills that will elevate me above my competitors.

Dominik makes a good point when she states "Experience helps to understand which words to choose best for which person". Before I started viewing words and phrases based on my experiences, I was at a loss when I came across convoluted language I did not understand. However, by thinking back into my memory and archives, certain words and phrases have stuck out to me when I think about a sentence in terms of my personal experiences. It has opened me to a new manner of thinking, one that will take time to develop but will yield great benefits and critical thinking skills I can apply in the business world. We are chasing our goals and by using words and personal experiences, approaching our horizon and marks. Our felt experiences are the key to our success; we must embody them, embrace them, and connect with them. This is how we are to be successful.

Although I posted the above paragraph in my 443 group, I wanted to repost it for my peers to read in this course. It was an important, and life-changing, revelation that has shifted my thought processes and mental structure. I hope it does the same for others as well.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/22/2020 13:02:43
Subject: &quot;Dialogics of Space&quot; (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

In 443, we are moving into thinking about “space” as metaphor for designing organizations and ourselves in our fishbowls.

What you have learnt thus far is a basic understanding of metaphor; that it is a word-image and, if you gather 30 associated word-images and sort them into 5 boxes and label them, and then, select/image one word to represent the boxes, you got yourself a metaphor. After that, you compare/contrast metaphors with your group members. And so began an understanding of social constructions, participant-observation and social reflexivity. Please be sure to have googled these terms.

In 448, we are moving into “intersubjective” and “intertextual” “space" as Expression. The exercise on defining “Culture" creates this space. Ultimately, the culture of your group is something only the group can define because it is intersubjective and intertextual (please google these terms). We will see both concepts, time and again, in the real-life business stories we are immersing ourselves in. Thus far, we are looking at the interaction between two cultures trying to get along: Japanese Story and Kinky Boots.

Dominik’s postings below are helpful. Great reflections and a felt-text. Writing and speaking and reading from his experience.

What we are looking at in your fishbowls is Mikhail Bakhtin’s philosophy of 'open-endedness' and ‘becoming.' Please google his name along with "dialogics of space.” 

Hang in there, everything will cohere in your minds and a unique understanding will finally develop. You are journeying towards a dialogical theory of space. I have to shift my head into The Abstract this weekend, and I have done my circling and procrastinating, but nothing on the horizon yet, except a mark. In the meantime, the deadline, like a pirate is creeping up, metaphorically speaking.

Sanjiv

DIALOG, COHERE, MARK, HORIZON

from the fishbowl...

Dominik

Posts: 32

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:24 am

Letter Interpretation

Sun Jan 26, 2020 4:04 pm

1_Letter: INTUITION, IMAGINATION, DESIRE, DISCERN, DISCOVER, DETERMINE

Reading the first letter helped me to see the aim and focus of the class. It seems to me that an important part is to understand and accept the diversity of opinions inside the class which are based on the different cultural background, professional backgrounds and many other life-influencing experiences.

The key message I see is that all opinions are highly welcome and valuable to learn from. To understand and learn to appreciate each other’s opinion is a big chance to challenge us in order to improve our personality. This is my understanding of Sanjiv statement, that he will do everything he can to provide us with the best opportunities but we have to use them.

Learning from others means, to understand the reason behind each other’s action. To get to know the personality as a whole will be an important part to do so, because the individual goals, experiences, desires and environments influence our behavior as a whole. It is okay, that everyone of us do things in our individual way and pace. Respect for each other will be the basic to learn from each other.

Last edited by Dominik on Sun Feb 09, 2020 7:03 pm, edited 2 times in total.

Dominik

Posts: 32

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:24 am

Re: Letter Interpretation

Sun Jan 26, 2020 4:49 pm

Post restrucered into vocabulary section.

Last edited by Dominik on Mon Feb 17, 2020 6:42 pm, edited 2 times in total.

Dominik

Posts: 32

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:24 am

Re: Letter Interpretation

Mon Feb 17, 2020 6:01 pm

Developing a process; following a practice

This letter shows me the importancs of words and the power of arranging them in a specific order. The key words: "DOING, PROCESS, PRACTICE, LEARNING, EXPERIENCE" highly reminds me to my physical practice for Triathlon. I see many similarieties.

Doing is the word, that is forcing your mindset not only to think about it, but actually transfer your idea of getting better and faster into reality

Process is the way, you go through in order to become better. Physical practice means to challenge yourself in every single training in order to force your body to transform.

Practice is required over and over again in order to establish the process of getting better.

Learning is one of the most important parts along the process, because in order to get better, one must learn from failures and succes.

Experience is the result of learning and practice.

I see now the similarities to writing. There you have to start at one point with a message you want to deliver. There are many ways how you can set up a process in order to develop structured and powerful sentences, but all have in common that you need to show a structure for the reader, that combine all your words to the message you want to tell. When I have to write an important message, I think about all the information I want to deliver and structure them into categories. Through practice you gets better and faster over time in developing well structered sentences. Experience helps to understand which words to choose best for which person

I start to understand, that the fishbowl do not gives us rules which we have to follow, but it helps us to learn from others in order to develop our individual process that works for each of us.

Dominik

Posts: 32

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:24 am

Re: Letter Interpretation

Fri Feb 21, 2020 10:15 pm

SORT, SIFT, SELECT, SHIFT, STUDY

For me to start it is very positive, that even Sanjiv admits that he is constantly in a learning process and constantly doing mistakes. That shows me, that there have to be many factors in a good position in order to generate good texts that generate meaning. Especially for me it often feels difficult to focus, because I am constantly changing between languages in order to stay in contact with family and friends. But I think Sanjiv is right. You have been structured in order to be creative. Focus on a word has actually a deeper meaning, because it represents the progress, that helps especially foreigners to get started. Start with the most important word, then structure a sentence around it. After repeating this process, it is possible to find good connection for the sentence and generate a meaningful, well structured text.

Being present is for me the essential part to bring in new ideas and aspects to a text. Establish a connection based of your knowledge and experience is something completely unique. No one else can see what is in your mind, but writing a meaningful text which describes the whole thought process you go through can help other people to understand you and give them some new ideas. Through interaction in platforms like the fishbowl it is possible, that the exchange of people results in big symbiosis.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/22/2020 13:01:08
Subject: &quot;Dialogics of Space&quot; (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

In 443, we are moving into thinking about “space” as metaphor for designing organizations and ourselves in our fishbowls.

What you have learnt thus far is a basic understanding of metaphor; that it is a word-image and, if you gather 30 associated word-images and sort them into 5 boxes and label them, and then, select/image one word to represent the boxes, you got yourself a metaphor. After that, you compare/contrast metaphors with your group members. And so began an understanding of social constructions, participant-observation and social reflexivity. Please be sure to have googled these terms.

In 448, we are moving into “intersubjective” and “intertextual” “space" as Expression. The exercise on defining “Culture" creates this space. Ultimately, the culture of your group is something only the group can define because it is intersubjective and intertextual (please google these terms). We will see both concepts, time and again, in the real-life business stories we are immersing ourselves in. Thus far, we are looking at the interaction between two cultures trying to get along: Japanese Story and Kinky Boots.

Dominik’s postings below are helpful. Great reflections and a felt-text. Writing and speaking and reading from his experience.

What we are looking at in your fishbowls is Mikhail Bakhtin’s philosophy of 'open-endedness' and ‘becoming.' Please google his name along with "dialogics of space.” 

Hang in there, everything will cohere in your minds and a unique understanding will finally develop. You are journeying towards a dialogical theory of space. I have to shift my head into The Abstract this weekend, and I have done my circling and procrastinating, but nothing on the horizon yet, except a mark. In the meantime, the deadline, like a pirate is creeping up, metaphorically speaking.

Sanjiv

DIALOG, COHERE, MARK, HORIZON

from the fishbowl...

Dominik

Posts: 32

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:24 am

Letter Interpretation

Sun Jan 26, 2020 4:04 pm

1_Letter: INTUITION, IMAGINATION, DESIRE, DISCERN, DISCOVER, DETERMINE

Reading the first letter helped me to see the aim and focus of the class. It seems to me that an important part is to understand and accept the diversity of opinions inside the class which are based on the different cultural background, professional backgrounds and many other life-influencing experiences.

The key message I see is that all opinions are highly welcome and valuable to learn from. To understand and learn to appreciate each other’s opinion is a big chance to challenge us in order to improve our personality. This is my understanding of Sanjiv statement, that he will do everything he can to provide us with the best opportunities but we have to use them.

Learning from others means, to understand the reason behind each other’s action. To get to know the personality as a whole will be an important part to do so, because the individual goals, experiences, desires and environments influence our behavior as a whole. It is okay, that everyone of us do things in our individual way and pace. Respect for each other will be the basic to learn from each other.

Last edited by Dominik on Sun Feb 09, 2020 7:03 pm, edited 2 times in total.

Dominik

Posts: 32

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:24 am

Re: Letter Interpretation

Sun Jan 26, 2020 4:49 pm

Post restrucered into vocabulary section.

Last edited by Dominik on Mon Feb 17, 2020 6:42 pm, edited 2 times in total.

Dominik

Posts: 32

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:24 am

Re: Letter Interpretation

 Mon Feb 17, 2020 6:01 pm

Developing a process; following a practice

This letter shows me the importancs of words and the power of arranging them in a specific order. The key words: "DOING, PROCESS, PRACTICE, LEARNING, EXPERIENCE" highly reminds me to my physical practice for Triathlon. I see many similarieties.

Doing is the word, that is forcing your mindset not only to think about it, but actually transfer your idea of getting better and faster into reality

Process is the way, you go through in order to become better. Physical practice means to challenge yourself in every single training in order to force your body to transform.

Practice is required over and over again in order to establish the process of getting better.

Learning is one of the most important parts along the process, because in order to get better, one must learn from failures and succes.

Experience is the result of learning and practice.

I see now the similarities to writing. There you have to start at one point with a message you want to deliver. There are many ways how you can set up a process in order to develop structured and powerful sentences, but all have in common that you need to show a structure for the reader, that combine all your words to the message you want to tell. When I have to write an important message, I think about all the information I want to deliver and structure them into categories. Through practice you gets better and faster over time in developing well structered sentences. Experience helps to understand which words to choose best for which person

I start to understand, that the fishbowl do not gives us rules which we have to follow, but it helps us to learn from others in order to develop our individual process that works for each of us.

Dominik

Posts: 32

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:24 am

Re: Letter Interpretation

Fri Feb 21, 2020 10:15 pm

SORT, SIFT, SELECT, SHIFT, STUDY

For me to start it is very positive, that even Sanjiv admits that he is constantly in a learning process and constantly doing mistakes. That shows me, that there have to be many factors in a good position in order to generate good texts that generate meaning. Especially for me it often feels difficult to focus, because I am constantly changing between languages in order to stay in contact with family and friends. But I think Sanjiv is right. You have been structured in order to be creative. Focus on a word has actually a deeper meaning, because it represents the progress, that helps especially foreigners to get started. Start with the most important word, then structure a sentence around it. After repeating this process, it is possible to find good connection for the sentence and generate a meaningful, well structured text.

Being present is for me the essential part to bring in new ideas and aspects to a text. Establish a connection based of your knowledge and experience is something completely unique. No one else can see what is in your mind, but writing a meaningful text which describes the whole thought process you go through can help other people to understand you and give them some new ideas. Through interaction in platforms like the fishbowl it is possible, that the exchange of people results in big symbiosis.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/21/2020 18:58:57
Subject: conference abstract: creative critical writing (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Please see Lea Janz’ posting below. The challenge is to make this text a reality.

Pulling out phrases and words from the text...

online conference with the fishbowl team

introduce various platforms

use for learning

concepts such as:

word-metaphor association,

strengthening vocabulary, and

demolishing structures.

To make this text a reality, we first have to write an Abstract. This morning I was thinking we might abstract about a visual culture, such as ours, where we are observing and interpreting each other’s postings; we are performing in a visual space (the fishbowl) that evolves and expands with our writing. It is known as "creative critical writing.” Please google the term. We show how we are generating text, intertextually and intersubjectively, at a time when the market is no longer about “niche" but about “space." The impetus for our performativity and creativity in the fishbowl is in part, quite clearly a desire to think of writing as a space, a space to be travelled and negotiated.

Stay with it, we are proceeding slow and easy. Giving time to digest. No busy work.

Sanjiv

PERFORMANCE, PERFORMATIVITY, “CREATIVE CRITICAL WRITING”

from the fishbowl...

leajanz

Posts: 64

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:04 am

Re: Reflections-Lea Janz

 Fri Feb 21, 2020 12:08 pm

message from IBM

As announced during the last faculty meeting, an online conference with the fishbowl team is scheduled at 2PM, February 21st. They will introduce various platforms that we can possibly use in our classes teaching modern concepts such as word-metaphor association, strengthening vocabulary, and demolishing structures only to rebuild them our way. We are planning to adopt an inclusive platform for this class, and the fishbowl is one of the organizational platforms that we are considering. All faculty and students are invited to contribute their own personal thoughts and suggestions.

Never leave the search for meaning. Another phrase for, “keep the thread”

At no time in the past or future should you go away from Exploring Intention.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/21/2020 18:57:43
Subject: conference abstract: creative critical writing (443 &amp; 448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Please see Lea Janz’ posting below. The challenge is to make this text a reality.

Pulling out phrases and words from the text...

online conference with the fishbowl team

introduce various platforms

use for learning

concepts such as:

word-metaphor association,

strengthening vocabulary, and

demolishing structures.

To make this text a reality, we first have to write an Abstract. This morning I was thinking we might abstract about a visual culture, such as ours, where we are observing and interpreting each other’s postings; we are performing in a visual space (the fishbowl) that evolves and expands with our writing. It is known as "creative critical writing.” Please google the term. We show how we are generating text, intertextually and intersubjectively, at a time when the market is no longer about “niche" but about “space." The impetus for our performativity and creativity in the fishbowl is in part, quite clearly a desire to think of writing as a space, a space to be travelled and negotiated.

Stay with it, we are proceeding slow and easy. Giving time to digest. No busy work.

Sanjiv

PERFORMANCE, PERFORMATIVITY, “CREATIVE CRITICAL WRITING”

from the fishbowl...

leajanz

Posts: 64

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:04 am

Re: Reflections-Lea Janz

Fri Feb 21, 2020 12:08 pm

message from IBM

As announced during the last faculty meeting, an online conference with the fishbowl team is scheduled at 2PM, February 21st. They will introduce various platforms that we can possibly use in our classes teaching modern concepts such as word-metaphor association, strengthening vocabulary, and demolishing structures only to rebuild them our way. We are planning to adopt an inclusive platform for this class, and the fishbowl is one of the organizational platforms that we are considering. All faculty and students are invited to contribute their own personal thoughts and suggestions.

Never leave the search for meaning. Another phrase for, “keep the thread”

At no time in the past or future should you go away from Exploring Intention.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/17/2020 16:43:35
Subject: spoken words (448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

This afternoon in class, we will watch two different cultures (Lola and Charlie Price) on the brink of disaster, interacting to survive financially, in a world spun out of their control.

Please read the posting by Andrew Bikash before the film. An important question raised by Bikash: why has it taken society so long to develop a solution?

When watching the film, please take down the words spoken; the phrases spoken in the film. 

Spoken Words are windows from which we look outwards and upwards.

We interpret spoken words and, we write down our interpretations.

We’re watching Lola and Charlie Price: two entirely different symbolic systems interacting. Can you identify the configuration of symbols?

Sanjiv

SPOKEN

from the fishbowl...

andrewbikash

Posts: 94

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Role of culture

Sun Feb 16, 2020 5:05 pm

"In a global marketplace, many leading international business scholars are arguing"

A global marketplace is the exchange of goods, services, and labor around the world. Leading means the front-runners or the best or most notable in an industry. Business is the practice of making one's living by engaging in commerce. A scholar is a specialist in a particular study. Arguing means giving reasons or citing evidence in support of an idea, action, or theory, typically with the aim of persuading others to share one's view.

After breaking down this phrase, I wonder, "what could business scholars possibly be arguing about?" Why isn't it easy for different cultures to share viewpoints? Is it because ways of life differ so much that answers in some cultures simply don't apply to other cultures?

Why has it taken society so long to develop the solution, "working in an international context, building flexibility, sharing information and developing collective know-how"? I sense that this is an obvious solution, but it is still a concept. How do business scholars break down this concept and incorporate into their work?

International meaning concerning multiple cultures. Context means the circumstances that form the setting for an event, statement, or idea, and in terms of which it can be understood and assessed. Building means the process or business of constructing something. Flexibility means the ability to be easily modified. Sharing means giving a portion of something to others. Information means what is conveyed or represented by a particular arrangement or sequence of things. Developing means growing and becoming more mature, advanced, or elaborate. Collective means were done by people acting as a group. Know-how means practical knowledge or skill.

Ideally, this would be there answer to uniting across all cultures, but I sense this has been an unachievable concept over the course of human history. Society lacks a guide or leader is promoting this process among world leaders. How do we put this guide promoting equality and openness together?

"Developing global economies of scale and at the same time being responsive to local environments; nurturing diversity and at the same time needing integration". I suppose these steps are a stepping stone to globalization but they sound so ideal rather than realistic to me. It would be ideal for cultures around the world to revolve around the common goal of globalization rather than being divided and arguing all of the time, but how realistic is it for it to happen? Is the author of this book trying to plant these foundational concepts within our heads, as students, and it is up to us to change the world and unite cultures under the idea of globalization and flexibility?

I look forward to examining the film this week that makes an attempt at this globalization technique.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/17/2020 15:08:20
Subject: inter- (443) copy for 448
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I find your postings to be astounding every time.

We interface, interact, interject, interlayer, interconnect, interplay, inter-relate, intercede, interpenetrate, interfuse, interdepend, intercede, inter... everything. 

Everything is reciprocal, is the point.

Through this inter-activity, we progress forward with ideas (words) that we would normally not thought of.

For instance, upon reading the posting below, I thought of a good film to watch in 443 tomorrow regarding “authorship” and “reading” and “writing.” There are several films out there, but it has to be positioned right; one that enhances the labor and ideas put forth by Olivia Palumbo. Just Keeping the thread!

Ultimately, we are developing story-lines and producing narratives in our fishbowls (making postings into events) that will be archived in memory. 

At the same time, we wish to make them accessible in the present.

You will always have the memory of your fishbowl, but is it accessible?

It is accessibility that will make your fishbowl alive, I would think.

Make your stories (memories) accessible, however mundane and banal they might appear to you.

Sanjiv

INTER, MEMORY, ARCHIVE, ACCESSIBLE, STORY, NARRATIVE, MUNDANE, BANAL, ENHANCE, ASTOUND

c: 448

from the fishbowl...

oliviapalumbo

Posts: 59

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 5:07 pm

Re: Letters -Palumbo

 Sun Feb 16, 2020 10:21 pm

"Reading" and "writing" as metaphors (443)

"In 443, you are giving specific attention to ways in which you can "author” or “write” new organizational realities through a range of processes that mobilizes imaginative ways of thinking and acting"

In my own words, this means that in our class, we are looking closely at different ways that we can be our own author and create our own "story" by interpreting our own truths through our own lenses. This includes using our own real life experiences, creative process, and imagination to think and write on a more in depth, spiritual level. Strictly Ballroom gave us an example of organizational structure through a story, a text that is present and alive, we feel like we are in the story, as apposed to reading about it. The goal of my fishbowl by the end of the semester is to be such a good story teller through my words, that the reader feels like they are in my story, the way I felt watching strictly ballroom.

A metaphor is a figure of speech in which a word or phrase is applied to an object or action to which it is not literally applicable. Metaphors are ever so presence in our daily lives as well as this class, they are only limited to our imagination.

To me, the interconnection between reading and writing is the ability to transform a text in your head and let your creative mind take off (reading) and putting this process on paper (writing). We can use images as mirrors and windows to see how our life/everyday emotions reflect through metaphors and how we see ourselves. How will we use organizational design to advance ourselves and make ourselves better writers/workers/students/readers and just overall empower our minds? I am excited to find out in class this week.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/17/2020 15:06:24
Subject: inter-(443)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I find your postings to be astounding every time.

We interface, interact, interject, interlayer, interconnect, interplay, inter-relate, intercede, interpenetrate, interfuse, interdepend, intercede, inter... everything. 

Everything is reciprocal, is the point.

Through this inter-activity, we progress forward with ideas (words) that we would normally not thought of.

For instance, upon reading the posting below, I thought of a good film to watch in 443 tomorrow regarding “authorship” and “reading” and “writing.” There are several films out there, but it has to be positioned right; one that enhances the labor and ideas put forth by Olivia Palumbo. Just Keeping the thread!

Ultimately, we are developing story-lines and producing narratives in our fishbowls (making postings into events) that will be archived in memory. 

At the same time, we wish to make them accessible in the present.

You will always have the memory of your fishbowl, but is it accessible?

It is accessibility that will make your fishbowl alive, I would think.

Make your stories (memories) accessible, however mundane and banal they might appear to you.

Sanjiv

INTER, MEMORY, ARCHIVE, ACCESSIBLE, STORY, NARRATIVE, MUNDANE, BANAL, ENHANCE, ASTOUND

c: 448

from the fishbowl...

oliviapalumbo

Posts: 59

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 5:07 pm

Re: Letters -Palumbo

Sun Feb 16, 2020 10:21 pm

"Reading" and "writing" as metaphors (443)

"In 443, you are giving specific attention to ways in which you can "author” or “write” new organizational realities through a range of processes that mobilizes imaginative ways of thinking and acting"

In my own words, this means that in our class, we are looking closely at different ways that we can be our own author and create our own "story" by interpreting our own truths through our own lenses. This includes using our own real life experiences, creative process, and imagination to think and write on a more in depth, spiritual level. Strictly Ballroom gave us an example of organizational structure through a story, a text that is present and alive, we feel like we are in the story, as apposed to reading about it. The goal of my fishbowl by the end of the semester is to be such a good story teller through my words, that the reader feels like they are in my story, the way I felt watching strictly ballroom.

A metaphor is a figure of speech in which a word or phrase is applied to an object or action to which it is not literally applicable. Metaphors are ever so presence in our daily lives as well as this class, they are only limited to our imagination.

To me, the interconnection between reading and writing is the ability to transform a text in your head and let your creative mind take off (reading) and putting this process on paper (writing). We can use images as mirrors and windows to see how our life/everyday emotions reflect through metaphors and how we see ourselves. How will we use organizational design to advance ourselves and make ourselves better writers/workers/students/readers and just overall empower our minds? I am excited to find out in class this week.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/17/2020 0:10:51
Subject: writing strategies (448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Please imagine yourselves in BUS448/Fishbowl2020 as a global business.

Consider every participant to belong to a different national culture. 

Please note, we're imagining ourselves to be in business (collaboration and cooperation) where we’re from different national cultural backgrounds.

I’m clearly Indian. And you could be Italian-American, Chinese-American, African-American, Iranian-American, Japanese-American, Jamaican-American, Mexican-American, Hispanic-American, and every country in the world. There must be an impact of national cultural differences in our fishbowls.

So here we are, and we are interacting with each other, like the U.N. and, our purpose is enshrined in the syllabus.

One thing is clear, in such a situation, we require to communicate and understand each other first at an abstract level. You’re developing these skills in your fishbowls. Please see Andrew Bikash’ posting below. You’re understanding (the situation you find yourself in the fishbowl) by using a 'writing strategy.’ Please google the term.

How so?

1. In her textbook (see overview), Lisa Hoecklin’s research shows that "the impact of national cultural differences is relevant to all areas of a global business” and by analogy, for all your postings in your fishbowls.

2. "Globally operating companies (like your fishbowls) have used different strategies to manage cultural differences." In our fishbowls, we translate this to mean using different 'writing strategies' to manage cultural differences. Different composition of words, metaphors and symbols that you are using are based upon a writing strategy.

3. "There are many more examples of companies articulating their intention to use cultural diversity for competitive advantage at a strategic level than there are successful examples at an operational level" (Hoecklin). We view this as being so because between the virtual/real dichotomy, digital text and image are predominant in companies like our fishbowls.

We will watch a film this week, but no popcorn because you have to take ethnographic notes. We are researchers and voyeurs to a real-life business happening. 

All this should be simple and will clear up this week.

Sanjiv

WRITING, STRATEGY, IMPACT

from the fishbowl...

andrewbikash

Posts: 94

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Role of culture

 Sun Feb 16, 2020 5:05 pm

"In a global marketplace, many leading international business scholars are arguing"

A global marketplace is the exchange of goods, services, and labor around the world. Leading means the front-runners or the best or most notable in an industry. Business is the practice of making one's living by engaging in commerce. A scholar is a specialist in a particular study. Arguing means giving reasons or citing evidence in support of an idea, action, or theory, typically with the aim of persuading others to share one's view.

After breaking down this phrase, I wonder, "what could business scholars possibly be arguing about?" Why isn't it easy for different cultures to share viewpoints? Is it because ways of life differ so much that answers in some cultures simply don't apply to other cultures?

Why has it taken society so long to develop the solution, "working in an international context, building flexibility, sharing information and developing collective know-how"? I sense that this is an obvious solution, but it is still a concept. How do business scholars break down this concept and incorporate into their work?

International meaning concerning multiple cultures. Context means the circumstances that form the setting for an event, statement, or idea, and in terms of which it can be understood and assessed. Building means the process or business of constructing something. Flexibility means the ability to be easily modified. Sharing means giving a portion of something to others. Information means what is conveyed or represented by a particular arrangement or sequence of things. Developing means growing and becoming more mature, advanced, or elaborate. Collective means were done by people acting as a group. Know-how means practical knowledge or skill.

Ideally, this would be there answer to uniting across all cultures, but I sense this has been an unachievable concept over the course of human history. Society lacks a guide or leader is promoting this process among world leaders. How do we put this guide promoting equality and openness together?

"Developing global economies of scale and at the same time being responsive to local environments; nurturing diversity and at the same time needing integration". I suppose these steps are a stepping stone to globalization but they sound so ideal rather than realistic to me. It would be ideal for cultures around the world to revolve around the common goal of globalization rather than being divided and arguing all of the time, but how realistic is it for it to happen? Is the author of this book trying to plant these foundational concepts within our heads, as students, and it is up to us to change the world and unite cultures under the idea of globalization and flexibility?

I look forward to examining the film this week that makes an attempt at this globalization technique.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/16/2020 13:31:00
Subject: role of culture (448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I’m reproducing the second and third paragraphs from the Overview in your textbook by Lisa Hoecklin, "Managing Cultural Differences: Strategies For Competitive Advantage."

"In a global marketplace, many leading international business scholars are arguing, the more sustainable competitive advantages are increasingly changing from ‘harder’ efficiency sources to ‘softer’ effectiveness sources. For example, moving to a low-cost labor area is replicable, short-term advantage. 

The more sustainable advantages are firm-specific abilities working in an international context, building flexibility, sharing information and developing collective know-how into a worldwide network. Faster and better learning within organizations is a large part of the evolving competitive logic. In order to develop these capabilities, people from different cultures have to be able to communicate, negotiate, compromise and understand each other’s values and world views."

"Furthermore, there are balances to be struck in the continuing process of globalization, such as developing global economies of scale and at the same time being responsive to local environments; nurturing diversity and at the same time needing integration; maintaining flexibility and at the same time being focused. These are issues with which each organization and function struggles on the road to globaliztion. Understanding the role of culture is of utmost relevance in resolving these dilemmas.”

Please ‘work' the above text. What does 'working the text' mean?

Pull out phrases. Take them further. Don’t be afraid, you will not fall.

You are venturing into the unknown and 

you’re constructing a structure, a knowing, 

brick by brick, 

so that you can take a position 

that represents your likeness 

in the digital community of the fishbowl.

You want to be seen, and 

you are working for adulation.

Next week, we will address each of Hoecklin's phrases by watching a film on how a local business in a small town went global by understanding the role of culture in resolving the dilemma of meeting local needs/reaping global economies of scale. 

We’re looking at the role of culture when solving our problems which often become intractable whenever we are caught in paradoxes and dilemmas. Please see the paradoxes and dilemmas in the posting below.

Sanjiv

PROBLEM, DILEMMA, PARADOX, INTRACTABLE, ROLE, CULTURE

from the fishbowl...

matthewpelisson

Posts: 33

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:57 am

Re: Letters - Pelisson

Sun Feb 16, 2020 8:00 am

Constructing a knowing

"Looming disaster everywhere you look"

"Primitive aged brains"

"Exaggerated by the distorted filter of the internet"

This three terms truly resonated with me reading this letter. I have been feeling this my self for the past three years. "Looming disaster everywhere you look" since about 2017 this has been on the forefront of my mind. It feels at the end of the past decade, this was a very real thing. The idea the something bad could happen at any moment is not new to humans. It happened most recently during the cold war, but now it feels almost scary. The threat looms not specifically but unspecifically, where any moment in time something could happen, you just don't know what. "Primitive aged brains" for as intelligent as us humans are I think we are still very primitive. I see this life as a collective experience, and most of us are still primal. The difference only comes with wealth and knowledge. This knowledge has to be shared with all so we can be less primitive. "Exaggerated by the distorted filter of the internet" This is what makes the looming disaster so imminent. When all these people are collected, panic strikes. No different to middle-aged witch panic. They gang up and take out those not in agreement. This can be a great thing, but it ruins self expression at its very core. I wrote a poem to describe this.

Bright light illuminates my face

My back creeks as I roll to my side

I can't speak so my eyes take the job

my ears bleed out the side of my mouth

I make and the work takes

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/15/2020 22:02:18
Subject: know, make, discover (443)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

In your fishbowls, the many processes you undergo every time you post are really stages of an overall process one navigates in knowing, making, or discovering something that does not yet exist. Please bear this distinction in mind. Knowing, Making, Discovering. Your stages in the creative process are not something I or anybody else can impose externally; rather, they are stages one experiences internally. 

In the fishbowl, we are observing each other’s creative process and finding them to be universal.

The best way to see any creative process is documenting day-in and day-out work, like your postings in the fishbowl. Here you can see firsthand the struggles, doubts, hard work, revisions, revelations, leaps, and setbacks.

What is of interest is seeing firsthand how you made the leap to connect concepts (for example, whenever you select ideas (words) from a google search), which are already well known, but it is how your work and frame of mind led you to make the connections and irrevocably change the perceptual and felt reality in your fishbowl. It is in this way that your postings are a resource for your fishbowl. 

Your endeavor is to manage your human resources.

Sanjiv

KNOW, MAKE, DISCOVER, CONNECT, CONCEPT, ENDEAVOR, FRAME, IRREVOCABLE

from the fishbowl...

leajanz

Posts: 52

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:04 am

Re: Reflections-Lea Janz

Sat Feb 15, 2020 2:17 pm

'reading' and 'writing' as metaphors

In 443, we are forming new arrangements of truth through an assortment of activities that induces insightful ways of using our mind and movement. These “activities” include deconstruction, organizing words into neat boxes, and comparison with our peers.

Create evocative and energizing patterns of shared meaning

Evocative-bringing strong images, memories, or feelings to mind

We are riding slow. Our activities, if used on a daily basis, aid us in generating images in order to produce unique and exciting styles of shared meaning.

I kept the last part of this sentence because I cannot find a better fitting phrase. “shared meaning” is so on point with the efforts of our process. I can imagine back in kindergarten, “sharing is caring”. Of course, I thought about toys, but now it has an alternative definition. “sharing is caring”, to have shared meaning is the goal of the artist, for it builds understanding and trust. “I trust you know what I mean”, so sculpt your language to cater to them to help them understand.

leajanz

Posts: 52

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:04 am

Re: Reflections-Lea Janz

Sat Feb 15, 2020 2:51 pm

what is your creative process?

I tried downhill skiing for the first time this week. I was nervous, uncomfortable, and awkward. I fell numerous times, but got back up and pushed through the pain. As a creative person, I always try to find meaning in everything I do. I put myself in unknown territory and came out bruised and sore…but wise. I learned how to switch from left to right, how to slow down, and how to balance. I discovered a new fear, acceleration, as steep drop-offs made my stomach churn. Before that, I thought I had no fears. To do this experience I had to surrender. I had to accept the fact that I am a beginner, I will fall, and I will go down hills. By the end of the night, I felt harmonization as I was travelling down the hills. Lean on the outer left foot, easy on the right, then ease the right foot pressure, easy on the left foot, and so on. But to do it right, I had to surrender.

To write in the fishbowl is to surrender. Like playing Super Mario, we are defeating old barriers while recognizing new ones. One obstacle for me is I am a perfectionist. To combat this, I tell myself that I should not strive for perfection, rather, the truth. Watching Mac Miller play with music is an exact metaphor for my goal in the creative process. Just play around, do not be afraid, and give yourself time. Patience, another barrier for me.

Ineluctably-unable to avoid, inescapable

How is the inside connected to the outside?

You need to ask yourself – why am I feeling this way? For example, why was I frustrated when I was skiing? Answer: because I have never done it before, I am perfectionist, and I was in a great deal of pain and fatigue. My inside was frustrated because my outside gave up. Sometimes the words we express from the inside won’t resonate to the outside unless we acknowledge the outside.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/15/2020 17:06:02
Subject: what is your creative process? (443)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

As a creative person, you are conscious of how you habitually (and always quite uncomfortably) try out new things as the only method by which you truly learn.

To make self-reflective posts in a fishbowl, like many of you are doing, shows you are a person who is open to experimentation. In a free society that quality is liked, and when I experience it upon reading your postings, I can feel something else in me: utter delight.

There is so much to be gained from what you are saying as a barrage of free-flowing information that a reader can easily miss how all the parts of what you are sharing are forming a whole. Your fishbowl is an elegant deconstruction of text in your mind---as various parts that form a whole.

Every posting provides a different perspective on the text that lies at the center of your learning and creativity. It is your creativity that is making connections or making the existing connections visible. You’re using language (words) to work with at the atomic scale, the atmospheric scale, the human scale, and with a healthy and needed dose of poetry and visual representations. The question you are ineluctably raising is how is the inside connected to the outside?

Please see Lea Janz email below, where she is looking at her process through the metaphor of music and, Kyra Solomon’s posting in the fishbowl...

Sanjiv

from Lea Janz

Hi Sanjiv,

I was inspired by today's class and the topic of discovering one's creative process. I decided to look up one of my favorite artists, Mac Miller.There are three short youtube videos that spoke to me;

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5Eeq5pLAKg 

 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X-R47DwZWkU

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4ufTwERhcs&t=181s 

Music is a powerful language that stems directly from the soul. 

I hope maybe by sharing this information with you it can be shared to the class for those that cannot find their process. 

"It is a whole entire journey of exploration...just hit record and go and see what happens...to continue the wheels of inspiration and to create from scratch...just give yourself time, play for the sake of it"

from the fishbowl...

kyrasolomon

Posts: 61

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:06 am

Reflection: Creative Process

Fri Feb 14, 2020 2:33 pm

Since we've talked a bit about creativity and creative processes in both our emails and our classes, I thought I'd try and reflect on my own creative process a bit. When I'm drawing, sewing, crafting or doing any other creative activity for my own enjoyment, I tend to except a certain degree of perfectionism from myself. When I'm unable to bring the image I have in my head into reality perfectly, or when something unexpected causes me difficulty, I tend to get very frustrated. Sometimes I want to scream and cry and give up. For some reason, I tend to be much harder on myself when I'm doing things of my own volition rather than doing something that's being asked of me, such as school work. Over time, I've come to understand a basic principle that helps me center myself when I'm feeling this way: Something I make isn't good because it's perfect. It's good because I made it. It's something I poured effort and creativity into. It's a reflection of my own skills and experiences. This is something that I tend to forget in this moments when I'm frustrated with myself. I'm too worried about how other people will perceive my creative work. I've got a friend who is a fantastic visual artist, and I often find myself comparing myself to her. However, I know that we work differently because we're different people. She has a lot more experience because she enjoys sitting down to draw, whereas I have a very difficult time keeping myself focused or motivated. Besides that, any time I try and draw, she's very encouraging of me and excited to see what I make. How can I be so hard on myself when this fantastic artist is telling me how excited she is just to see what I create? Besides that, at the same time I've expressed admiration for her drawing and wondered at how she creates them, she's expressed admiration for physical things I've created and wondered at how I've created them. Maybe we're both extraordinary people with extraordinary abilities, just in different ways. I guess the conclusion of this is that, in order to improve my creative process, I need to learn how to give myself more credit for what I'm capable of versus what I'm not.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/14/2020 23:50:26
Subject: incarnations and symbols on valentine (448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

It is only appropriate to talk about symbols on this valentine weekend.

A symbol is both material and spiritual: concrete reality conveying an unseen truth. The lion for example symbolizes strength, just as the snake symbolizes cunning or the dove peace. The Greek verb 'sym-ballo' means “to throw, or put together.” The original ‘symbolon' was a token of recognition or, to be more precise, two tokens which fitted together thus showing the blood-relationship or friendship between the two people who possessed them. Your fishbowls are symbols in this sense. The role of the symbolic then is to bring together and unify participants, whereas the “diabolic” separates or divides them.

Symbols are a constant requirement of human nature, which is made up of both soul and a body. They allow us to pass from one to the other by means of an image or a text. As human beings, we are both spirit and flesh, “incarnated” spirits, and we live on both levels. By uniting flesh and spirit, symbols make our personal selves whole and allow us to communicate with others. They act as linchpins or hinges and are essential to us. Signs and symbols refer to a reality which transcends them. The difference between them is that signs are more specific, while symbols are richer.

It’s easy to understand this at its rudimentary level by completing the following exercise: 

What is the meaning of your name? What does it symbolize? 

Why did your parents choose this name? 

Do you think you fit the meaning of your name? Why and to what extent? 

Whose incarnation are you? Who do you personify?

Sanjiv

INCARNATION, SYMBOL, PERSONIFY

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/13/2020 22:18:02
Subject: &quot;reading&quot; and &quot;writing&quot; as metaphors (443)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Assignment: The second metaphor (word) that you are developing is an Organism. 

That is, you are imagining/designing an organizational structure, 

using text as your medium, 

to look and feel like an Organism. 

You are asked to be creative in your imagining and design. 

How would you do that?

How will you be creative in your design of things? What is your creative process? Tomorrow we will watch a documentary made in RI by Mike Troiano, Film producer, addressing this question, along with Brower Hatcher, Sculptor, and myself.

In your fishbowls, you are becoming your own theorist, using images and metaphors (words) to engage in a continuous construction and deconstruction of meaning in your encounters with every posting. Everyday reality. Please see Lea Janz’s posting below. You are beginning to offer a highly personalized method for understanding organizations, using the metaphor (word) of “reading" and “writing” organizational life as its dominant frame.

Please pause and think about this and fact check.

Having participated in Strictly Ballroom as a voyeur, you have begun to see organizational reality as a kind of “living text” that is simultaneously “written” and “read.” Innovative “readings” lays the basis for innovative “writings.”

In 443, you are giving specific attention to ways in which you can "author” or “write” new organizational realities through a range of processes that mobilizes imaginative ways of thinking and acting. Please scroll through your fishbowls to verify innovative interpretations; innovative readings and writings. Your fishbowls, by the end of the semester will demonstrate how you became your own author-reader-theorist, pursuing the metaphor principle with no limits. You are using imaginative processes whereby new images and metaphors are used to create evocative and energizing patterns of shared meaning. Your fishbowls invite the reader, like myself, to unleash their powers of creative thought, interpretation, and insight to broaden the possibilities for creative action.

The coming week we will cover the following key principles:

1. the interconnection between “reading” and “writing,”

2. how images can be used as “mirrors” and “windows,” and

3. design for personal empowerment.

Sanjiv

INNOVATIVE, READING, WRITING

from the fishbowl...

leajanz

Posts: 45

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:04 am

Re: Reflections-Lea Janz

Mon Feb 10, 2020 12:36 pm

Immaterial labor, cybernetics, metaphor and symbolism

Maurizio Lazzarato is an Italian sociologist and philosopher. He is known for his essay on immaterial labor. His essay explains that our affective (feeling & emotions) and cognitive (thinking) abilities provide value in a capitalist system.

The fishbowl environment is providing us with value, yet it may not seem like it because it is not physical.

For example, I have an urge to spend time in the Fishbowl, but why? Sanjiv compared it to exercising. We do it to feel good and look good. The more we practice the more habitual, and the more value, we get out of it.

leajanz

Posts: 45

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:04 am

Re: Reflections-Lea Janz

Tue Feb 11, 2020 3:57 pm

constructing a knowing...building an awareness

Bateson’s Peripheral Visions: Learning Along the Way, reflects on our rapidly changing world and “proposes a new way of learning through participation”. This “participation” confused me, which led me to dig deeper on her book. By narration of her life story, she encourages the reader that our method of learning and thinking goes beyond structural norms like school and work. She says that most of our learning, “takes place outside the settings commonly labeled as educational and include intuitive and empirical dimensions all too often overlooked in our customary approach to learning”(http://scott.london/reviews/bateson.html)

Intuitive- intuition, what feels to be true and right

Empirical-based on observation, not facts or logic, experience

Most of our learning involves the experiences we put ourselves in outside of the classroom, or our peripheral vision.

She also mentions how our society is goal-oriented. Just get the job done. Instead, to live a fuller life one must open their peripheral eye. Quit focusing on the center and look around. Make connections, dialogues, and experiences.

vertiginous change

vertiginous-whirling, spinning, rotating (unstable)

change- differences

I imagine a tilt-a-whirl at a fair. Spinning makes me sick, I stay behind and watch my friends on the ride.

expectations of perpetual progress

expectations- belief that some event will happen

perpetual-never ending/changing

progress-moving onward or forward

A strong belief that we will continuously keep moving forward. Who will be left behind? Where are we going? What is the purpose?

distorting filter of the internet

distorting-pull or twist out of shape, false impression

filter-removing impurities, removing unwanted material

internet-global computer network that provides information and communication facilities

The unnoticed removal of unwanted material caused by a mass network containing all the information ever known provided by communications of groups. Reminds me of the Library of Alexandria in Egypt. Contained a plethora of information, like the Internet today, but was eventually destroyed.

There is this belief of progression, pulling and twisting us, filtering out our impurities, that leaves me sick and dizzy. Are we all moving forward? If so, where are we going? “Onward!” says ‘everyone’. Maybe I will stay off this ride.

leajanz

Posts: 45

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:04 am

Re: Reflections-Lea Janz

Thu Feb 13, 2020 4:08 pm

the domain of phenomenal forms

The title of this email excited me. It sounds like we are on the cusp of a transformation.

Domain-a specified sphere of activity or knowledge (field, area)

Phenomenal-observable fact or event (extraordinary)

Forms-visible shape or configuration (conformations)

The area of extraordinary conformations

To disregard this event is to disregard one's own perspective. Don't we all want to learn how we think?

Phenomenology- the study of structures of consciousness experienced from the first point of view

The study of the appearance of things by the viewer’s experience.

Social Constructivism-collaborated learning. Developed by post-revolutionary Soviet psychologist Lev Vygotsky, this theory states that all learning begins by interaction within people or groups. Vygotsky says, “Every function in the child’s cultural development appears twice: first, on the social level and, later on, on the individual level; first, between people (interpsychological) and then inside the child (intrapsychological).” (https://gsi.berkeley.edu/gsi-guide-contents/learning-theory-research/social-constructivism/) More notably, Vygotsky highlights the importance of language and cultural in individual intellectual development and how they view the world. “Knowledge is not simply constructed, it is co-constructed.”

So far we have learned that the words we generate have meaning. We know that words are metaphors. We are also learning by comparing our dictionaries to others. We influence each other, and cannot learn without each other.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/13/2020 0:40:14
Subject: knowledge workers in a knowledge economy
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I think by now you’ve all got the hang of what the approach in this course is about. For one thing, the approach appears different every night when you think about it. 

How you make value in a situation that is multi-faceted, multifarious, multidimensional, multidisciplinary is a recurring question. Multi is a good word! 

This evening, as I was reading your postings (it seems it’s all I do these days), I was convinced anew, that your fishbowls are a microcosm of the 'knowledge economy.’ Please google that term. 

You are 'knowledge workers' in a knowledge economy and you have documentary evidence to back it up. You're talking legal and you're talking money, and you’re putting it on your resumes. This is human resources and human rights that you are managing. It is not mumbo-jumbo. Our resources and our rights go together. It’s like Sandy saying to Hiromitsu in Japanese Story: ”Don’t you understand anything? I’m sorry I’m not being polite!” HIromitsu couldn’t believe she said that. The look on his face is priceless. Try reproducing it!

I am thinking about juxtaposing the notion of 'knowledge economy' and 'immaterial labor,' along with, 'relational thinking in sociology' and Bourdieu’s notion of 'cultural capital' (please google Bourdieu’s term). To put this all together as a description of your textual forays into the unknown... and submit it together as co-authors to the conference EDULEARN20 for blind review by the experts in the field, world-wide

. Eighty countries, covering all continents, I believe.

There’s a lot at stake, and it can get hot in the kitchen. Your task is to labor the text. That is to say, to read and read and read, plus eat and sleep, using the dictionary to understand. Your task is to create understanding, that is, to invent your truth, very much like your pasta sauce. It is best to stay focused on the pasta sauce, because everything else is outside our control. No worries and no stress. Just leading a life of reflection and building castles in the air, watching trains go by.

Sanjiv

KNOWLEDGE ECONOMY, KNOWLEDGE WORKER, IMMATERIAL LABOR (MARX), RELATIONAL THINKING IN SOCIOLOGY, CULTURAL CAPITAL(BOURDIEU).

from the fishbowl...

nickcolicci

Posts: 113

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

The Symbolic Act of Selecting

 Tue Feb 04, 2020 8:38 pm

At first glance, I attempted to break down and create meaning for the quote "What gives humans access to the symbolic domain of value and meaning is the fact that we die.” (Debray). I interpreted this to mean that when people are exposed to the concept of death, they seem to pursue and grasp the underlying meaning of the information they encounter. As Andrew stated, it is interesting that some people do not understand the inevitably of death and continue to build cultural barriers. I believe it is our responsibility as future leaders in business and America to acknowledge the issues with cultural barriers and seek to knock them down.

Studying the Other as well as the dynamic between the characters in the Japanese Story demonstrates the complexities with cross-culture relationships and how it can inhibit progress. Reflection is necessary to overcome these challenges and doing so only once or at the moment we view it is not sufficient. Thus, by engaging in constant reflection, we can overcome cultural barriers and create productive relationships. This is not an easy concept, nor is constant reflection something we as young adults and students are comfortable with. However, if we want to succeed in business and want to ensure that international business and cultural structures are not an impediment, this type of reflection is critical.

Expression and the selection of words will be common during this course and over the semester. However, when we are doing this, we must make an effort to do it genuinely. By this I mean we cannot try to reach "an arbitrary standard", "be intellectual", or "earn a grade". This type of ingenuine reflection will not help us progress or knock down the cultural walls that are built. Also, it will not allow our classmates to know each other as our posts will not be reflective of our true feelings and opinions. Therefore, we must use words that accurately represent our feelings and self-experiences. We cannot be exceptional or stand out if we are not selecting words that are unique to our own experiences.

Technology and social media often perpetuate ingenuine interactions and rude messages that people send behind screens. However, in these Fishbowls, we have to be authentic and transparent. Our posts and reflections must also be honest and representative of our perceptions and perspectives. Once all members of our class are comfortable sharing their ideas, we will achieve progress.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/13/2020 0:39:12
Subject: knowledge workers in a knowledge economy
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I think by now you’ve all got the hang of what the approach in this course is about. For one thing, the approach appears different every night when you think about it. 

How you make value in a situation that is multi-faceted, multifarious, multidimensional, multidisciplinary is a recurring question. Multi is a good word! 

This evening, as I was reading your postings (it seems it’s all I do these days), I was convinced anew, that your fishbowls are a microcosm of the 'knowledge economy.’ Please google that term. 

You are 'knowledge workers' in a knowledge economy and you have documentary evidence to back it up. You're talking legal and you're talking money, and you’re putting it on your resumes. This is human resources and human rights that you are managing. It is not mumbo-jumbo. Our resources and our rights go together. It’s like Sandy saying to Hiromitsu in Japanese Story: ”Don’t you understand anything? I’m sorry I’m not being polite!” HIromitsu couldn’t believe she said that. The look on his face is priceless. Try reproducing it!

I am thinking about juxtaposing the notion of 'knowledge economy' and 'immaterial labor,' along with, 'relational thinking in sociology' and Bourdieu’s notion of 'cultural capital' (please google Bourdieu’s term). To put this all together as a description of your textual forays into the unknown... and submit it together as co-authors to the conference EDULEARN20 for blind review by the experts in the field, world-wide

. Eighty countries, covering all continents, I believe.

There’s a lot at stake, and it can get hot in the kitchen. Your task is to labor the text. That is to say, to read and read and read, plus eat and sleep, using the dictionary to understand. Your task is to create understanding, that is, to invent your truth, very much like your pasta sauce. It is best to stay focused on the pasta sauce, because everything else is outside our control. No worries and no stress. Just leading a life of reflection and building castles in the air, watching trains go by.

Sanjiv

KNOWLEDGE ECONOMY, KNOWLEDGE WORKER, IMMATERIAL LABOR (MARX), RELATIONAL THINKING IN SOCIOLOGY, CULTURAL CAPITAL(BOURDIEU).

from the fishbowl...

nickcolicci

Posts: 113

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 am

The Symbolic Act of Selecting

 Tue Feb 04, 2020 8:38 pm

At first glance, I attempted to break down and create meaning for the quote "What gives humans access to the symbolic domain of value and meaning is the fact that we die.” (Debray). I interpreted this to mean that when people are exposed to the concept of death, they seem to pursue and grasp the underlying meaning of the information they encounter. As Andrew stated, it is interesting that some people do not understand the inevitably of death and continue to build cultural barriers. I believe it is our responsibility as future leaders in business and America to acknowledge the issues with cultural barriers and seek to knock them down.

Studying the Other as well as the dynamic between the characters in the Japanese Story demonstrates the complexities with cross-culture relationships and how it can inhibit progress. Reflection is necessary to overcome these challenges and doing so only once or at the moment we view it is not sufficient. Thus, by engaging in constant reflection, we can overcome cultural barriers and create productive relationships. This is not an easy concept, nor is constant reflection something we as young adults and students are comfortable with. However, if we want to succeed in business and want to ensure that international business and cultural structures are not an impediment, this type of reflection is critical.

Expression and the selection of words will be common during this course and over the semester. However, when we are doing this, we must make an effort to do it genuinely. By this I mean we cannot try to reach "an arbitrary standard", "be intellectual", or "earn a grade". This type of ingenuine reflection will not help us progress or knock down the cultural walls that are built. Also, it will not allow our classmates to know each other as our posts will not be reflective of our true feelings and opinions. Therefore, we must use words that accurately represent our feelings and self-experiences. We cannot be exceptional or stand out if we are not selecting words that are unique to our own experiences.

Technology and social media often perpetuate ingenuine interactions and rude messages that people send behind screens. However, in these Fishbowls, we have to be authentic and transparent. Our posts and reflections must also be honest and representative of our perceptions and perspectives. Once all members of our class are comfortable sharing their ideas, we will achieve progress.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/12/2020 13:42:00
Subject: domain of phenomenal forms
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

'Ways of Seeing' is the title of a nifty book by John Berger. "When you discover the way you see anything, a word, an image, you also discover something about yourself and the world you live in."

How do you “see" anything? "How do you think, Sanjiv?” she wanted to know.

For the answer, you have to peel layers (make selections) of text and get to the core. It is the process of abstraction.

Abstractions, Concepts, Phenomenas, Categories: these are words and they each have a history, culture, and context; and, you get to select them. You are on your way to becoming a phenomenologist and a social constructivist. In my world, that is a big deal. At this point, it is good to know what phenomenology and social constructivism means. What have you got yourself into?

To turn away from this activity is to turn away from the world. Definitionally, this turning away is a visual event. It entails the reorientation (or, more precisely, the disorientation) of vision. To abandon the domain of phenomenal forms is, quite simply, to lose one’s sight.

Please think about it.

Sanjiv

PEEL, LAYER, CORE, ABSTRACT, CONCEPT, PHENOMENA, CATEGORY, FORM

from the fishbowl...

mswalsh11

Posts: 10

Joined: Thu Jan 30, 2020 2:45 pm

Re: Letters

Tue Feb 11, 2020 4:32 pm

Words have unlimited ways of interpretation and meaning that create structure in our own way. The arrangement and relations of words hold great value within influence and meaning. Often times for me I connect a word with memory or an image that relates in some way. After reading about the assembly lines, it's clear that production efficiency is increased but the opportunity of growth and innovation disappears. At the moment things are great for production, but nothing will ever change. Slowing things down makes 

anything more understandable. For words, taking time to depict its meaning to gain a better understanding is extremely important. In my life, I enjoy swimming because it puts me in a relaxed state of mind allowing me to reflect on many things.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/12/2020 13:39:48
Subject: domain of phenomenal forms
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

'Ways of Seeing' is the title of a nifty book by John Berger. "When you discover the way you see anything, a word, an image, you also discover something about yourself and the world you live in."

How do you “see" anything? "How do you think, Sanjiv?” she wanted to know.

For the answer, you have to peel layers (make selections) of text and get to the core. It is the process of abstraction.

Abstractions, Concepts, Phenomenas, Categories: these are words and they each have a history, culture, and context; and, you get to select them. You are on your way to becoming a phenomenologist and a social constructivist. In my world, that is a big deal. At this point, it is good to know what phenomenology and social constructivism means. What have you got yourself into?

To turn away from this activity is to turn away from the world. Definitionally, this turning away is a visual event. It entails the reorientation (or, more precisely, the disorientation) of vision. To abandon the domain of phenomenal forms is, quite simply, to lose one’s sight.

Please think about it.

Sanjiv

PEEL, LAYER, CORE, ABSTRACT, CONCEPT, PHENOMENA, CATEGORY, FORM

from the fishbowl...

mswalsh11

Posts: 10

Joined: Thu Jan 30, 2020 2:45 pm

Re: Letters

 Tue Feb 11, 2020 4:32 pm

Words have unlimited ways of interpretation and meaning that create structure in our own way. The arrangement and relations of words hold great value within influence and meaning. Often times for me I connect a word with memory or an image that relates in some way. After reading about the assembly lines, it's clear that production efficiency is increased but the opportunity of growth and innovation disappears. At the moment things are great for production, but nothing will ever change. Slowing things down makes 

anything more understandable. For words, taking time to depict its meaning to gain a better understanding is extremely important. In my life, I enjoy swimming because it puts me in a relaxed state of mind allowing me to reflect on many things.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/5/2020 14:34:55
Subject: juxtapose to enhance
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Reading Nick Colicci’s reflections and endeavors below, I’d like to preface his posting in the fishbowl with a famous poem by Rabindranath Tagore (please google) called "Where The Mind Is Without Fear.” I’m juxtaposing two texts, across two cultures (time and space), in order to create or enhance meaning for myself and, to share this cross-cultural moment and experience with others.

Juxtapose to create meaning.

Sanjiv

JUXTAPOSE

Where The Mind Is Without Fear

Where the mind is without fear and the head is held high

Where knowledge is free

Where the world has not been broken up into fragments

By narrow domestic walls

Where words come out from the depth of truth

Where tireless striving stretches its arms towards perfection

Where the clear stream of reason has not lost its way

Into the dreary desert sand of dead habit

Where the mind is led forward by thee

Into ever-widening thought and action

Into that heaven of freedom, my Father, let my country awake.

from the fishbowl...

nickcolicci

Posts: 81

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 

The Symbolic Act of Selecting

Tue Feb 04, 2020 8:38 pm

At first glance, I attempted to break down and create meaning for the quote "What gives humans access to the symbolic domain of value and meaning is the fact that we die.” (Debray). I interpreted this to mean that when people are exposed to the concept of death, they seem to pursue and grasp the underlying meaning of the information they encounter. As Andrew stated, it is interesting that some people do not understand the inevitably of death and continue to build cultural barriers. I believe it is our responsibility as future leaders in business and America to acknowledge the issues with cultural barriers and seek to knock them down.

Studying the Other as well as the dynamic between the characters in the Japanese Story demonstrates the complexities with cross-culture relationships and how it can inhibit progress. Reflection is necessary to overcome these challenges and doing so only once or at the moment we view it is not sufficient. Thus, by engaging in constant reflection, we can overcome cultural barriers and create productive relationships. This is not an easy concept, nor is constant reflection something we as young adults and students are comfortable with. However, if we want to succeed in business and want to ensure that international business and cultural structures are not an impediment, this type of reflection is critical.

Expression and the selection of words will be common during this course and over the semester. However, when we are doing this, we must make an effort to do it genuinely. By this I mean we cannot try to reach "an arbitrary standard", "be intellectual", or "earn a grade". This type of ingenuine reflection will not help us progress or knock down the cultural walls that are built. Also, it will not allow our classmates to know each other as our posts will not be reflective of our true feelings and opinions. Therefore, we must use words that accurately represent our feelings and self-experiences. We cannot be exceptional or stand out if we are not selecting words that are unique to our own experiences.

Technology and social media often perpetuate ingenuine interactions and rude messages that people send behind screens. However, in these Fishbowls, we have to be authentic and transparent. Our posts and reflections must also be honest and representative of our perceptions and perspectives. Once all members of our class are comfortable sharing their ideas, we will achieve progress.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/5/2020 14:34:13
Subject: juxtapose to enhance
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Reading Nick Colicci’s reflections and endeavors below, I’d like to preface his posting in the fishbowl with a famous poem by Rabindranath Tagore (please google) called "Where The Mind Is Without Fear.” I’m juxtaposing two texts, across two cultures (time and space), in order to create or enhance meaning for myself and, to share this cross-cultural moment and experience with others.

Juxtapose to create meaning.

Sanjiv

JUXTAPOSE

Where The Mind Is Without Fear

Where the mind is without fear and the head is held high

Where knowledge is free

Where the world has not been broken up into fragments

By narrow domestic walls

Where words come out from the depth of truth

Where tireless striving stretches its arms towards perfection

Where the clear stream of reason has not lost its way

Into the dreary desert sand of dead habit

Where the mind is led forward by thee

Into ever-widening thought and action

Into that heaven of freedom, my Father, let my country awake.

from the fishbowl...

nickcolicci

Posts: 81

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:40 

The Symbolic Act of Selecting

Tue Feb 04, 2020 8:38 pm

At first glance, I attempted to break down and create meaning for the quote "What gives humans access to the symbolic domain of value and meaning is the fact that we die.” (Debray). I interpreted this to mean that when people are exposed to the concept of death, they seem to pursue and grasp the underlying meaning of the information they encounter. As Andrew stated, it is interesting that some people do not understand the inevitably of death and continue to build cultural barriers. I believe it is our responsibility as future leaders in business and America to acknowledge the issues with cultural barriers and seek to knock them down.

Studying the Other as well as the dynamic between the characters in the Japanese Story demonstrates the complexities with cross-culture relationships and how it can inhibit progress. Reflection is necessary to overcome these challenges and doing so only once or at the moment we view it is not sufficient. Thus, by engaging in constant reflection, we can overcome cultural barriers and create productive relationships. This is not an easy concept, nor is constant reflection something we as young adults and students are comfortable with. However, if we want to succeed in business and want to ensure that international business and cultural structures are not an impediment, this type of reflection is critical.

Expression and the selection of words will be common during this course and over the semester. However, when we are doing this, we must make an effort to do it genuinely. By this I mean we cannot try to reach "an arbitrary standard", "be intellectual", or "earn a grade". This type of ingenuine reflection will not help us progress or knock down the cultural walls that are built. Also, it will not allow our classmates to know each other as our posts will not be reflective of our true feelings and opinions. Therefore, we must use words that accurately represent our feelings and self-experiences. We cannot be exceptional or stand out if we are not selecting words that are unique to our own experiences.

Technology and social media often perpetuate ingenuine interactions and rude messages that people send behind screens. However, in these Fishbowls, we have to be authentic and transparent. Our posts and reflections must also be honest and representative of our perceptions and perspectives. Once all members of our class are comfortable sharing their ideas, we will achieve progress.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/5/2020 0:58:43
Subject: attending to meaning
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Howard Rheingold in his best seller Net Smart: How to Thrive Online (please google) tells us: "the first thing we all need to know about information online is how to detect crap, by which I mean information tainted by ignorance, inept communication, or deliberate deception.” (p.16). 

Rheingold says that “learning to be a critical consumer of Web info (like you are generating in your fishbowls) is not rocket science. Becoming acquainted with the fundamentals of Web credibility testing (in your fishbowls) is easier than learning the multiplication tables. The hard part, as always, is the exercise of flabby think-for-yourself muscles.” 

You are exercising your "flabby think-for-yourself muscles!” You’re learning (myself included) how to make use of huge, unsorted, continually changing flows of information without becoming overwhelmed. 

Most of you have understood the skill that you are developing in your fishbowls. Please see Caroline Morganelli’s posting below. Understanding comes and goes like the sea on the shore. Let me state it in terms of Howard Rheingold, who in his book looked at everyday behaviors where communication technology use affected “attention": 

* there are large scale shifts in attentional practices and norms

* we have to take into account the attentional behaviors of others

* you begin to think in new ways about how people deploy their attention when you start looking at the way your own thinking processes have changed

When you’re on your way to gaining control of your online attention and 

have begun to practice crap-detection skills, 

you turn from “this is your brain on the internet” to 

“this is what the Internet enables people to do together.” 

From the cognitive to the social, that is,

you will have shifted your attention to the technology and sociality of participation and collaboration.

We're focusing on the skills digital citizens need to master in order to take part in or instigate mass collaboration. (Rheingold)

In a nutshell, in our fishbowls, we’re focusing on the skills needed to participate in mass collaboration. 

You are doing great. You inspire me. I exist in response to you. A "participatory culture" is developing in your fishbowls. Participation is Power!

Sanjiv

ATTENTION, ATTEND, PARTICIPATE, COLLABORATE, DEPLOY, DETECT, INSTIGATE, COGNITIVE, SOCIAL

from the fishbowl...

carolinemorganelli

Posts: 34

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 8:25 am

Re: Caroline Morganelli: Letters

Tue Feb 04, 2020 2:01 pm

RE: learning to express, one word at a time

The title of this particular letter struck me quite instantly, as I feel this is a reoccurring topic. Everyone has a different style o writing and expresses their voice uniquely. If this was not true, we would live in a very monotonic society, which would be very boring. Expression and style keep things interesting and without it communication would be almost impossible. By following the steps of developing, copying the meaning, and sharing a personal experience of the given word we are able to not only understand the definition, but advance our knowledge on what a word actually means. Understanding a dictionary definition is simply the base or foundation in understanding a given word. Once we are able to accurately find and understand the words we are trying to use and completely understand the words that we are saying, expressing your thoughts becomes much easier.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/5/2020 0:57:53
Subject: attending to meaning
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Howard Rheingold in his best seller Net Smart: How to Thrive Online (please google) tells us: "the first thing we all need to know about information online is how to detect crap, by which I mean information tainted by ignorance, inept communication, or deliberate deception.” (p.16). 

Rheingold says that “learning to be a critical consumer of Web info (like you are generating in your fishbowls) is not rocket science. Becoming acquainted with the fundamentals of Web credibility testing (in your fishbowls) is easier than learning the multiplication tables. The hard part, as always, is the exercise of flabby think-for-yourself muscles.” 

You are exercising your "flabby think-for-yourself muscles!” You’re learning (myself included) how to make use of huge, unsorted, continually changing flows of information without becoming overwhelmed. 

Most of you have understood the skill that you are developing in your fishbowls. Please see Caroline Morganelli’s posting below. Understanding comes and goes like the sea on the shore. Let me state it in terms of Howard Rheingold, who in his book looked at everyday behaviors where communication technology use affected “attention": 

* there are large scale shifts in attentional practices and norms

* we have to take into account the attentional behaviors of others

* you begin to think in new ways about how people deploy their attention when you start looking at the way your own thinking processes have changed

When you’re on your way to gaining control of your online attention and 

have begun to practice crap-detection skills, 

you turn from “this is your brain on the internet” to 

“this is what the Internet enables people to do together.” 

From the cognitive to the social, that is,

you will have shifted your attention to the technology and sociality of participation and collaboration.

We're focusing on the skills digital citizens need to master in order to take part in or instigate mass collaboration. (Rheingold)

In a nutshell, in our fishbowls, we’re focusing on the skills needed to participate in mass collaboration. 

You are doing great. You inspire me. I exist in response to you. A "participatory culture" is developing in your fishbowls. Participation is Power!

Sanjiv

ATTENTION, ATTEND, PARTICIPATE, COLLABORATE, DEPLOY, DETECT, INSTIGATE, COGNITIVE, SOCIAL

from the fishbowl...

carolinemorganelli

Posts: 34

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 8:25 am

Re: Caroline Morganelli: Letters

Tue Feb 04, 2020 2:01 pm

RE: learning to express, one word at a time

The title of this particular letter struck me quite instantly, as I feel this is a reoccurring topic. Everyone has a different style o writing and expresses their voice uniquely. If this was not true, we would live in a very monotonic society, which would be very boring. Expression and style keep things interesting and without it communication would be almost impossible. By following the steps of developing, copying the meaning, and sharing a personal experience of the given word we are able to not only understand the definition, but advance our knowledge on what a word actually means. Understanding a dictionary definition is simply the base or foundation in understanding a given word. Once we are able to accurately find and understand the words we are trying to use and completely understand the words that we are saying, expressing your thoughts becomes much easier.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/4/2020 11:38:32
Subject: the symbolic act of selecting
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I’ve been taking a long time understanding Regis Debray’s quote in this book I have: Mind Grenades, Manifestos From The Future.

“What gives humans access to the symbolic domain of value and meaning is the fact that we die.” (Debray)

After the excellent intellectual exchange among us about the notion of Other in cultural studies, and after watching Japanese Story again last evening, I woke up this morning to read where Calder had turned-in and left-off last night. And, thanks to Calder, Debray’s perplexing quote became clear. 

How so? 

The fact that the previous “intellectual exchange" is over, that is to say that moment has past, the Now has become Then, 

what is of value and meaning (that is, what is compelling) is right before me on my laptop, shining with a glow: Calder’s text!

Calder, succinctly draws out the relation between us and among us in the digital environment, like the fishbowl.

How did he do that? Did he do that consciously?

All he did was express himself (sharing his selection of words), without trying to reach some arbitrary standard, like, being intellectual or earning a grade

You’re ultimately, selecting words and saying something about them from your felt-experience. Selection in itself portrays a feeling. Your act of selecting makes you singular.

Our common goal is To Be ourselves by expressing ourselves, in the knowledge that everything is visible in perceptual space. This is how I understand the internet, where transparency and authenticity go hand-in-hand. That is, my selection is visible!

Sanjiv

TRANSPARENT, AUTHENTIC, EXPRESS, VALUE, MEANING, SYMBOLIC, DOMAIN, COMPELLING, REGIS DEBRAY (please google the name)

from the fishbowl...

Calder

Posts: 6

Joined: Wed Sep 18, 2019 1:50 pm

Notes from Class & Movie 2/3

 Mon Feb 03, 2020 11:58 pm

We are currently learning contingency

Contingency- A future event or circumstance which is possible but cannot be predicted with certainty.

It’s always good to stay connected with texts

In addition, we should continue to keep ourselves connected to other’s texts by posting in the fishbowl

In the movie:

Two different characters are put into a situation where they don't see eye-to-eye

Later after working and succeeding together the two characters have broken the ice, which happens through realization.

Realization- The act of becoming fully aware of something as a fact.

He now treats his guide as an equal & with respect, which is seen in the symbolism of when he pours his water out and offers the equivalent amount of water as him

Symbolization- to be a symbol of

Once they collaborate and reach a common goal the ice has been broken and they are much friendlier towards each other

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/3/2020 14:57:45
Subject: learning to express, one word at a time
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

When you scroll through the fishbowl and look at participants in their groups, you see differences in the learning styles and expressions in every fishbowl.

We’re all working on our EXPRESSION. Without expression, communication is difficult. We work on expression one word at a time. It is not a difficult PROCESS. But you do have to set up a PRACTICE for it.

DEVELOP your vocabulary is the first step.

COPY the MEANING of the word from a dictionary. Get as many words as you can. 

Then share your PERSONAL EXPERIENCE of the meaning of the words.

Whenever you do that, you are taking RESPONSIBILITY for your text.

Such postings are of interest in the digital market place, and they fetch a price.

Once you get this underway, you can start building from there. It’s easy street after that.

Sanjiv

DEVELOP, EXPRESSION, PROCESS, PRACTICE, COPY, PERSONAL, EXPERIENCE, RESPONSIBILITY

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/3/2020 14:57:01
Subject: learning to express, one word at a time
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

When you scroll through the fishbowl and look at participants in their groups, you see differences in the learning styles and expressions in every fishbowl.

We’re all working on our EXPRESSION. Without expression, communication is difficult. We work on expression one word at a time. It is not a difficult PROCESS. But you do have to set up a PRACTICE for it.

DEVELOP your vocabulary is the first step.

COPY the MEANING of the word from a dictionary. Get as many words as you can. 

Then share your PERSONAL EXPERIENCE of the meaning of the words.

Whenever you do that, you are taking RESPONSIBILITY for your text.

Such postings are of interest in the digital market place, and they fetch a price.

Once you get this underway, you can start building from there. It’s easy street after that.

Sanjiv

DEVELOP, EXPRESSION, PROCESS, PRACTICE, COPY, PERSONAL, EXPERIENCE, RESPONSIBILITY

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/3/2020 13:36:25
Subject: keeping the thread (443)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

At this stage, you are learning to keep the thread (staying connected) with regard to your work in your fishbowls.

Keep-the-Thread (please google) is a multi-faceted approach that maximizes flexibility, where participants create a mutually agreeable plan appropriate for their situation. 

You’ve begun to discern the boundaries and limits of your learning, and the necessity for collaboration and cooperation among yourselves.

You’re creating this thread. 

There is no underlying, pre-determined thread that exists in your fishbowls, except the one you are creating.

When you think about it, no business is going to pay someone, plus tell them what to do, because they’d do it themselves instead and pocket the money. You must bring your singularity to the table. You must express what is it that you do, and how you do it. I am talking about developing thoughts (words) and ideas (words) and scenarios (words). How do you work? What is your process and your practice?

Please see Andrew Bikash’s postings below.

How do three participants in a fishbowl create a thread; create an idea? Create a tapestry, a painting, an orchestra, a business, a workshop, a presentation, a fishbowl. A design?

How should one go about creating a design that has economic value in a digital environment?

How might the three of you, in a fishbowl, create a design that has value?

When am I being creative?

How am I doing it?

Why am I doing it?

What is the outcome?

Does it have merit and value?

Would it interest someone?

Sanjiv

CREATE, CREATIVITY, KEEP THE THREAD (please google)

from the fishbowl...

andrewbikash

Posts: 41

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Coming into Being

Tue Jan 28, 2020 1:41 pm

Right off the bat, the in-formation letter is telling me to think different. I must think outside the box in order to be successful in the course. Not only that, I need to be proud to think bigger than everyone else.

I noticed that you use poetic language to convey your thoughts. Rather than being a typical class outlined by a syllabus, I realize that I must trust the process of the course. I can see that by using the vocabulary identified in this letter, you are intuitive, imaginative, and are eager to disover new opportunities. In your analysis of the classroom, you clarify that the room is full of eager, excited young people with completely different backgrounds. You emphasize the importance of focusing on the big picture rather than a trivial day-to-day analysis. You also noticed that some students already have the capacity for a much clearer vision and are able to see what is less obvious yet most important.

I know that to be successful in the course, the class must let go their inhibitions and restraints. I am on board with your new, modern, 21st centrury thinking rather than old, textbook ways of learning.

andrewbikash

Posts: 41

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

That is us, in a Fishbowl

Tue Jan 28, 2020 1:50 pm

The fishbowl is a place for experimentation and finding your place. The fishbowl is not infinite but it allows anyone to find their place in the community and do their parts. In order to be successful using the fishbowl, I must not be afraid to play my part in the community and trust that the fishbowl cannot grow without everyone's contribution. There will be numerous events throughout the semester and it is our job, as members of the fishbowl, to react to these event s and grow as members of the bowl. Everyone has an identity and belongs in their own individualistic way. The fishbowl also requires the community to react and learn from each other. This is the only way the fishbowl will grow.

andrewbikash

Posts: 41

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Conscious involvement

Wed Jan 29, 2020 10:23 am

How do I know when I become consciously involved with my work? How do I think? The ideas that strike me in the letter, Developing a process/following a practice, are that the course will teach me how to answer those two questions. It is apparent that the answer might not always be a syntax or a set of words. It could be an image or concept too. What did you say when you were asked, "How do you think?", I see that you recognized that you somewhat froze when you were asked the question but didn't give an answer.

I am already starting to realize the power of the dictionary and how powerful a certain syntax can be. By knowing the meaning of words throughout the language, I am able to communicate my thoughts in a much more concise way than with elementary vocabulary.

Standardization also stood out to me in this letter. In my eyes, the human race has evolved to the point where dehumanization and revoking individualism from a population is the way to get work done. Whether that's through assembly lines and other uncreative processes, standardization is a demoralizing practice that takes the life out of the people who practice it.

andrewbikash

Posts: 41

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Design a text

Wed Jan 29, 2020 10:35 am

“Words are singularly the most powerful force available to humanity. We can choose to use this force constructively with words of encouragement, or destructively using words of despair. Words have energy and power with the ability to help, to heal, to hinder, to hurt, to harm, to humiliate and to humble.” (https://www.huffpost.com/entry/the-power-of-spoken-words_b_6324786)

Words clearly drive the direction of the human race. Whether words are being used in economic, political, or social terms, the person with the strongest ability to utilize vocabulary is equivalent to the most powerful. Given this information, how do I become the most powerful user of the English language? I am looking forward to learning more about this process throughout the semester.

andrewbikash

Posts: 41

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Sort, sift, select, shift, study

Thu Jan 30, 2020 11:33 am

I watched a video on the meaning of deep learning and it gave the example of 3 children who wrote the number 9. Rather than analyzing the number itself, deep learning methods look into how each child physically drew the number and analyzes how they wrote the number describes the way they think. From my perspective, deep learning means going beyond the surface and diving into the design of concept, symbol, or idea and exactly how it is communicated. This seems to relate well with the course because I am learning how to think deeper into the design of communication rather than the communication itself and maximizing the utilization of this skill. This letter makes me think about how each singular word and its position have such a strong meaning but the power often goes unnoticed. I sense that this is a concept that you want your students to grasp so that they realize the power of syntax and language if used well. This process comes from thinking differently than others and thinking about how your words transverse a community and the head, heart, thoughts, and feelings of others. This is a skill that can be used at any time.

Side-note, after reading Nick's letter, the main thing that caught my eye was his analysis of the sentence, "What is the difference in your perceptions?" and his definitions for every word in the sentence. I must not have realized or taken seriously your message of analyzing every single word in a syntax. I now see that breaking down words and diving into their definitions gives me a completely new perspective on communication. In this most recent letter, a sentence that caught my attention:

To-expressing motion in a direction

open-allowing access or view of something

your-belonging to or association

eyes-pair organs in the head which people use to see

is-to be

challenge-to take part in a competition, go beyond what you believe

your-belonging to or association

perception-the ability to see, hear or feel your surroundings

of-exploring the relationship between a part and a whole

reality-the world or state of things that actually exist

andrewbikash

Posts: 41

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 11:03 am

Textual Happening

Sun Feb 02, 2020 5:15 pm

Deleuze: Gilles Deleuze was a French philosopher from the 20th century. He had a philosophy about the production of concepts and discussed the central concepts of empiricism. Immanence, the theory that the divine encompasses or is manifested in the material world, is often referenced throughout his work. Deleuze believed that for philosophy or thought to have real substance, they must create movement and consequences rather than setting up transcendentals, which means communicating something completely theoretical or a strictly reflective subject.

Movement of images: developing concepts with substance and resituating them based on prior images or concepts

Henri Bergson: French-Jewish philosopher who's most enduring contribution to philosophical thinking is his concept of multiplicity which means unifying in a consistent way heterogeneity (state of being diverse as a character or content) and continuity (unbroken and consistent existence or operation of something over a period of time)

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/3/2020 11:52:07
Subject: looking at layers some more (448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Dear Dipankar,

Thank you for your email and helpful knowledge content. That is indeed a gem from the Upanishads... “Source of all sorrow is to consider one’s Self distinct from the Self of Others.” 

It is helpful in realizing the enormity of the task ahead when considering ‘pandemics' like the coronavirus.

In the film Japanese Story, it is indeed Sandy and Hiromitsu, the protagonists’ 'source of trouble and sorrow' because they considered themselves ‘distinct' from each other. They started on the wrong foot and arrived with pre-determined structures; a Japanese man/Australian woman. They set the situation right quickly though: they read the printed word (instructions on being stuck in the desert) and saw the light. When we’re together as equal human beings, we can accomplish anything is the message in the film. We have to re-learn how to get along. Or, we are dead in the desert! That would be a C in the course.

We are on this quest of learning how to engage with each Other’s text. Word by word. We don’t find the journey easy and the going can be rough, emotionally speaking. But we are beginning to see that we are also in a fishbowl and not just in the desert....”We all look into our separate mirrors now, and mostly see ourselves looking back.” (Jon Katz) 

Looking at our layers,

Sanjiv

C; BUS448 (International DImensions of Business)

On Feb 2, 2020, at 10:14 PM, dipankar gupta <dipankargupta@hotmail.com> wrote:

Dear Sanjiv,

Your mail about the “other” got me going in an idiosyncratic way which I hope you will temper as you read.

The appreciation of the “other” as a live and corrective counterpart of the “self” is really a very recent introduction that is coeval with the arrival of fraternity in democracy’s consciousness. In my limited understanding, Hegel was the first to position the “other” in this form where the self required needed it for its own advancement and realisation. 

The “other” has long featured in philosophical speculations but there it is all about charity, philanthropy or kindness (true, even in Kant), but as a requirement for self realisation it is as recent as the introduction of fraternity. This is why any consideration of the concept of the “other” ought to accept the novelty of democracy, as well as its contrived and self conscious character. It is not a “mother’s milk” phenomenon.

Without presuming what other religious traditions may have said about the “other”, I have come across a very empathy laden and modern rendition of this concept in the Isha Upanishad. In this text we find the gem: “ Source of all sorrow is to consider one’s Self distinct from the Self of Others.” I think this was so unusual for its times that it has rarely been commented upon by religious exegetes of the past or by trained scholars in religious studies today.

Best,

Dipankar 

Sent from my iPhone

On 02-Feb-2020, at 3:27 AM, Sanjiv Dugal <sanjivdugal@gmail.com> wrote:

﻿

Hi Everyone,

After I distilled my reflections of the Japanese Story, 

accumulated over the years, 

I took a fresh look at the Western idea of the Other (please google). 

In our globalized but increasingly polarized world, Japanese Story shows how the Other remains one of the most compelling ideas of our times.

We continue to treat the Other as hostile aliens, objects of study rather than full partners sharing responsibility for the fate of humankind. It took dramatic circumstances for Sandy and Hiromitsu to realize this and come to terms with it. They were quick learners. That’s what it took: speed in open mindedness, flexible mental structures, focusing on words and symbols, willingness to reflect and adapt, admitting mistakes and taking responsibility.

Every cross-cultural interaction is a journey. It is the intersection of different word (symbolic) structures that makes the outcome singular. “No more map!" This uniqueness is unpredictable and unknown. Consider Meghan Markle and Prince Harry in this light.

Sanjiv

OTHER (please google), INTERACTION, INTERSECTION, SINGULAR, RESPONSIBILITY

from the fishbowl...

kyrasolomon

Posts: 18

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:06 am

Contact: Contact kyrasolomon

Reflection: Being Present

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by kyrasolomon » Thu Jan 30, 2020 9:06 am

According to the dictionary, the word "being" means existence, or having the capacity to exist. It describes "present" as occurring at the current time or now. When I look at the phrase "being present," I can surmise that it means existing in a particular moment. While this might sound simple to do, I feel there is more to allowing yourself to exist in a moment than simply showing up to it. In order to fully exist in that moment, you should really be experiencing it. How much you allow yourself to experience it depends on things like focus and engagement. I think knowing this is going to be important for this class. In order to derive anything of value from it, we will have to be as present as we possibly can. This will involve practicing skills such as focusing and engaging.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/1/2020 21:59:44
Subject: looking in layers: Japanese Story (448)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

After I distilled my reflections of the Japanese Story, 

accumulated over the years, 

I took a fresh look at the Western idea of the Other (please google). 

In our globalized but increasingly polarized world, Japanese Story shows how the Other remains one of the most compelling ideas of our times.

We continue to treat the Other as hostile aliens, objects of study rather than full partners sharing responsibility for the fate of humankind. It took dramatic circumstances for Sandy and Hiromitsu to realize this and come to terms with it. They were quick learners. That’s what it took: speed in open mindedness, flexible mental structures, focusing on words and symbols, willingness to reflect and adapt, admitting mistakes and taking responsibility.

Every cross-cultural interaction is a journey. It is the intersection of different word (symbolic) structures that makes the outcome singular. “No more map!" This uniqueness is unpredictable and unknown. Consider Meghan Markle and Prince Harry in this light.

Sanjiv

OTHER (please google), INTERACTION, INTERSECTION, SINGULAR, RESPONSIBILITY

from the fishbowl...

kyrasolomon

Posts: 18

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:06 am

Reflection: Being Present

Thu Jan 30, 2020 9:06 am

According to the dictionary, the word "being" means existence, or having the capacity to exist. It describes "present" as occurring at the current time or now. When I look at the phrase "being present," I can surmise that it means existing in a particular moment. While this might sound simple to do, I feel there is more to allowing yourself to exist in a moment than simply showing up to it. In order to fully exist in that moment, you should really be experiencing it. How much you allow yourself to experience it depends on things like focus and engagement. I think knowing this is going to be important for this class. In order to derive anything of value from it, we will have to be as present as we possibly can. This will involve practicing skills such as focusing and engaging.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 2/1/2020 16:06:26
Subject: textual happening (443)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Our work-life, your fishbowls for instance, are constantly in ‘movement.’ Please think about that for a second; it is the 'movement of images' in your fishbowls that have become relevant. Please google Deleuze and Movement of Images. I’m what you’d call a Deleuzian.

Think in terms of moving images? How do you do that? What are you being asked to do? Why doesn’t Sanjiv spell it out in simple language? Why the big mystery? PLease google Henri Bergson as well. Thank you. 

Your fishbowl is a 'textual happening' where the random juxtaposition between seemingly unrelated areas gives rise to arbitrary connections. Please fact-check from your fishbowls.

In class we are watching the textual happening of the organization, Strictly Ballroom. This textual happening is a visual product, made by participants playing traditional ‘roles’ regarding the process of creativity.That it is a textual happening is brought to light by the spoken lines of the two kids. 

We the viewers, do not know what is going to happen next! Is he going to ‘kiss’ her or not?

 

This organization’s product or outcome is arbitrarily created by juxtaposing philosophy (“a life half-lived”) and dance (movement of steps). Please think about that.

So whenever I view these moving images in Strictly Ballroom, I resonate with them, even after a thousand views. I relate to Scott and now more to his father, Doug. I don’t relate to the others. I do relate to the Grandmother as well. Powerful thinker. Watch her lines.

We are watching our lines in the course. We are actors, writing the script and developing our roles. You are designing an organization, your fishbowl.

Riding slow, waiting for the moon to show...

Sanjiv

MOVEMENT, IMAGE, HAPPENING, ROLE, ACTOR, SCRIPT, PLAY, JUXTAPOSE, ARBITRARY, RESONATE, RELATE

from the fishbowl...

oliviapalumbo

Posts: 25

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 5:07 pm

Re: Google Search -Palumbo

Fri Jan 31, 2020 4:35 pm

SORT, SIFT, SELECT, SHIFT, STUDY

Deep learning: a subset of machine learning in artificial intelligence (AI) that has networks capable of learning unsupervised from data that is unstructured or unlabeled. Also known as deep neural learning or deep neural network.

Deep thinking: The power of deep thinking is the essence of creativity. By learning how to think differently and deep, you will find that it is not only your creative thinking, but your critical thinking skills that vastly improve.

Alienation (Marx): Karl Marx's theory of alienation describes the estrangement of people from aspects of their Gattungswesen as a consequence of living in a society of stratified social classes.

From:

http://dnaanthology.com/anvc/dna/deleuze-and-the-movement-image

Deleuze and the Movement Image

In Deleuze’s Bergsonian conceptual universe the world is constituted by images where “everything reacts on everything else”. In this world there is no centre, no particular image that grounds all others. This is a Heraclitean vision of a world defined by the movement of action and reaction, where the stuff of the world always consists of multiple facets of action and reaction. For example, consider water and rock. The water erodes the rock while the rock interrupts the course and flow of the water. The compounds of the rock and their action and reaction with water become (the water and the rock) sediment, erosion, an alluvial plain, a stone to be skipped by a child over the surface of the river. These actions and reactions happen automatically. The rock doesn’t think its reaction with water, and in the language of Cinema One, these are ‘determined’ in the sense that they are subject to the laws of nature.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/31/2020 14:22:32
Subject: so what are we doing, again?
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

In 443, we are looking at metaphors and paradigms. (Mechanistic and standardized products.)

In 448, we are looking at mental images and symbols. (Japanese and Aussie perceptions.)

All these mental ‘things' have to do with words (language) and, the selection of words (things) has to do with our agency.

See you in a bit.

Sanjiv

AGENCY, MENTAL, THING, PARADIGM

from the fishbowl...

kevinbugbee

Posts: 23

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 10:13 am

Re: Interprets of Letters

Post by kevinbugbee » Thu Jan 30, 2020 10:59 pm

Managing Innovation and Change (443)

Many classes I've taken at URI seem to be very interesting at the beginning of the semester. I am learning new things from a new face with new people. After a few months however, the class just seems to become stale; we do take notes the same way, we say the same things, and everything is just the same. That is what this letter is all about. Sanjiv is questioning us on how we can spice up our posts and our learning. He is asking us how we can innovate (introduce new changes) our work and keep things fresh. Sanjiv the fours things we will need to change in our dialogue, our process, social construction, and our design. We already starting to change our dialogue with all of the new vocabulary words we our searching. The next step in change is process. Process is defined as a series of actions or steps taken in order to achieve a particular end. I think one way I have already started to change my process is with the work I am doing in this class. I tend to be a last-minute homework doer but I cannot do that in this class. I have already begun to innovate and change the way I do work.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/31/2020 14:20:40
Subject: so what are we doing, again?
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

In 443, we are looking at metaphors and paradigms. (Mechanistic and standardized products.)

In 448, we are looking at mental images and symbols. (Japanese and Aussie perceptions.)

All these mental ‘things' have to do with words (language) and, the selection of words (things) has to do with our agency.

See you in a bit.

Sanjiv

AGENCY, MENTAL, THING, PARADIGM

from the fishbowl...

kevinbugbee

Posts: 23

Joined: Wed Jan 22, 2020 10:13 am

Re: Interprets of Letters

Post by kevinbugbee » Thu Jan 30, 2020 10:59 pm

Managing Innovation and Change (443)

Many classes I've taken at URI seem to be very interesting at the beginning of the semester. I am learning new things from a new face with new people. After a few months however, the class just seems to become stale; we do take notes the same way, we say the same things, and everything is just the same. That is what this letter is all about. Sanjiv is questioning us on how we can spice up our posts and our learning. He is asking us how we can innovate (introduce new changes) our work and keep things fresh. Sanjiv the fours things we will need to change in our dialogue, our process, social construction, and our design. We already starting to change our dialogue with all of the new vocabulary words we our searching. The next step in change is process. Process is defined as a series of actions or steps taken in order to achieve a particular end. I think one way I have already started to change my process is with the work I am doing in this class. I tend to be a last-minute homework doer but I cannot do that in this class. I have already begun to innovate and change the way I do work.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/22/2020 15:24:53
Subject: Syllabus2020Spring
------------------------------------------------------------
UNIVERSITY OF RHODE ISLAND

COLLEGE OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION

SPRING, 2020

Sanjiv Singh Dugal, Ph.D.

Human Resource Management

314 Ballentine Hall

Office Hours: 

WF 11-12 Noon, 1-2pm

By Appointment

BUS 448

International Dimensions of Business

I. Introduction

How do you navigate and negotiate a situation that is foreign and strange? A situation where the Other's language, customs and culture are unknown and, you have no predetermined script nor map on the ground. Under these circumstances, what skills are necessary to successfully conclude a contract? What is the art of the deal?

“As we globalize, we increasingly have to interact, manage, negotiate and compromise with people from different cultures. Working with people whose values and beliefs, not to mention languages and customs are different from your own can make for costly misunderstandings. Experience tells us, often painfully, that one’s behavior, actions and decisions are not separate from one’s values and beliefs. All social behavior is embedded in a particular context and is connected to other deeply held values and beliefs. This means that the stakes are high for mismanaging cultural differences.” (Lisa Hoecklin, 'Managing Cultural Differences: Strategies for Competitive Advantage,' The Economist Intelligence Unit Series, Addison-Wesley, 1995)

II. Concept of the Course: Probing Differences

The course focuses on learning ‘how to probe’ for differences among ourselves (in groups of three, aka The Fishbowl), in the belief that our differences give us a comparative perspective that provides a reflective lens for understanding why we do things the way we do them.

"In a global marketplace, many leading international business scholars are arguing that sustainable competitive advantages are increasingly changing from ‘harder ’ efficiency sources to ‘softer ’ effectiveness sources, such as, managing differences in values and beliefs. Our differences provide a reflective lens to see where we're positioned with regards to each other." (Hoecklin).

Managing differences among yourselves gives your group its competitive advantage. The following skills (Hoecklin, p.ix) makes your group in the Fishbowl competitive:

a. an ability to express;

b. flexibility in thought and action;

c. sharing and disclosing one’s position in a situation; and,

d. abstracting from the particulars of an interaction.

In order to develop these capabilities, you are being asked to communicate, collaborate and connect in the social space of your fishbowl.

III. Method: Participant Observation, Interpretivism and Symbolic Interaction

The course fulfills the logical sequence of awareness (of differences among your group members), knowledge (of differences in your group) and communication (of differences in your group). These three traits (viz., awareness, knowledge and communication) underlie the development of all cross-cultural skills (Geert Hofstede).

The course utilizes Participant Observation, Interpretivism and Symbolic Interactionism as methods for addressing cross-cultural questions such as:

How do you experience the ‘other’ culture?

That is, how do you experience the other’s deeply held values and beliefs?

What do you see?

How did you feel?

What did you do?

IV. Text

1. Managing Cultural Differences: Strategies for Competitive Advantage, by Lisa Hoecklin. The Economist Intelligence Unit Series, Addison-Wesley, 1995.

This text will help you translate abstract cultural issues into concrete business considerations across national borders.

2. Exploring Culture, Exercises, Stories and Synthetic Cultures, by Gert van Hofstede, Paul B. Pedersen, Geert Hofstede. Intercultural Press, Boston, London, 2002.

Real-life exercises and stories, all with debriefings, make much of this book ideally suited for self-study. Specific activities and exercises are steps towards awareness and knowledge of differences. We will practice intercultural communication skills, and experience what it feels and means to be a ‘foreigner.’

V. Creating a Global Experience: The Fishbowl

Your Fishbowl is a social network of writing/viewing/experiencing. The Fishbowl is something knowable, only in specific Fishbowl practices and contingencies during the course of the semester. Understanding globalization is recognizing 'networks of meaning' such as those experienced in your Fishbowl on a vast scale. In other words, you are constructing and creating meaningful interaction among yourselves that is made up of:

subjectivity in its nascent state;

the social in its mutant state; and,

the environment, at the point it can be reinvented.

VI. Grade Distribution

1. Regularity and Quality of Posting in the Fishbowl: 50%

There will be five interactive homework assignments that will account for fifty per cent of your grade. Your grade is based on your efforts in developing a network of symbolic interaction in your fishbowls.

2. Attending to Meaning in Social Space: 30%

We 'attend to meaning' by sharing, responding and listening to each other. Your process will be assessed on the importance you place on 'attending to meaning.' Your fishbowl is an interactive practice of shared words, symbols, images and felt-experiences. Faster and better learning about yourselves in this 'social space' is a large part of the assessment logic.

“When operating in a global economy, if you want your philosophies, objectives, products and services to be not only understood but also believed by employees, customers and partners in different cultures, you must attend to what these things mean to the people in each culture.” (Hoecklin, p.3)

3. Final: A Self-Reflexive Process 20%

In the final analysis, you’re exploring differences in meanings that exist between group members working together on a particular idea. Your final paper (three pages, double–spaced and written individually) presents your group-experience as a coherent idea. You're obliged to become self-reflexive, suspend preconceptions, and imagine being an alien researcher, come to study the culture of an American group; your fishbowl.

VII. Assessment in the Fishbowl

Education in the Fishbowl is about actively combining challenging and enriching experiences with academic rigor and creative opportunities. Interaction during the semester requires courage to push back boundaries of past experiences and explore the possibilities available to you. In the Fishbowl, you experience the excitement of discovering what you are capable of achieving, far more than you ever felt was possible.

Essential Elements:

* Knowledge

* Concepts

* Skills

* Attitudes

* Action

The student will receive letter grades based upon their activity in the Fishbowl. The composition of these letter grades over the semester will determine your grade for the course.

BEGINNING (B) 

The student has basic knowledge and skills. The student demonstrates responsibility towards learning.

DEVELOPING (D)

The student is acquiring new knowledge and skills and is learning to make conceptual connections in familiar situations.The student is making efforts to demonstrate responsibility towards learning.

ACHIEVING (A)

The student has acquired and applied knowledge and skills and is making conceptual connections in familiar situations, to develop new learning.The student is demonstrating responsibility towards learning and becoming an independent learner.

EXCELLING (E)

The student has begun applying knowledge and skills beyond grade level expectations and has been demonstrating self initiated action in unfamiliar situations.The student has consistently demonstrated self-motivation and independence in learning.

VIII. Fishbowl Learner Profile 

The aim of the Fishbowl is to develop global-minded people who recognize their common humanity and shared guardianship of the planet, helping to create a better and more peaceful world. Fishbowl learners strive to be the following:

1. Inquirers 

We nurture our curiosity, developing skills for inquiry and research.We know how to learn independently and with others. We learn with enthusiasm and sustain our love of learning throughout life.

2. Knowledgeable 

We develop and use conceptual understanding, exploring knowledge across a range of disciplines. We engage with issues and ideas that have local and global significance.

3. Thinkers 

We use critical and creative thinking skills to analyze and take responsible action on complex problems. We exercise initiative in making reasoned, ethical decisions.

4. Communicators 

We express ourselves confidently and creatively in more than one language and in many ways. We collaborate effectively, listening carefully to the perspectives of other individuals and groups.

5. Principled 

We act with integrity and honesty, with a strong sense of fairness and justice, and with respect for the dignity and rights of fishbowl participants.We take responsibility for our actions and their consequences.

6. Open-minded 

We critically appreciate our own cultures and personal histories, as well as the values and traditions of others.We seek and evaluate a range of points of view, and we are willing to grow from the experience.

7. Caring 

We show empathy, compassion and respect. We have a commitment to service, and we act to make a positive difference in the lives of others and in the world around us.

8. Risk-takers 

We approach uncertainty with forethought and determination; we work independently and cooperatively to explore new ideas and innovative strategies. We are resourceful and resilient in the face of challenges and change.

9. Balanced 

We understand the importance of balancing different aspects of our lives, intellectual, physical, and emotional, to achieve well-being for ourselves and others. We recognize our interdependence with other people and with the world in which we live.

10. Reflective 

We thoughtfully consider the world and our own ideas and experience. We work to understand our strengths and weaknesses in order to support our learning and personal development.

Welcome to BUS 448

Addendum

Five Objectives stated by University of Rhode Island:

1. Acquiring skills in working with others as a member of a team.

2. Developing creative capacities (writing, inventing, designing, performing).

3. Developing skill in expressing oneself in writing.

4. Learning how to critically evaluate ideas, arguments, and points of view.

5. Acquiring an interest in learning more by asking questions and seeking answers.

Success requires that you keep pace with the work, understand course concepts, and study effectively. The Academic Enhancement Center (www.uri.edu/aec) is a great place to do this. At the AEC you can work alone or in groups, and tutors and professional learning specialists are available to help you to learn, manage your time and work, and study well. They’re open Monday through Thursday from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. and Fridays until 1 p.m. All services are free (the coffee is free as well!), and no appointment is needed. You can call them for complete information at 874-2367, or just stop by the center on the fourth floor of Roosevelt Hall.

THANK YOU

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 1/22/2020 15:23:18
Subject: SyllabusSpring2020
------------------------------------------------------------
UNIVERSITY OF RHODE ISLAND

COLLEGE OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION

SPRING, 2020

Instructor: Sanjiv S. Dugal, Ph.D.

Human Resource Management

314 Ballentine Hall

Office hours: WF by Appointment

BUS443: Organizational Design and Change

“Imagination is more important than knowledge. To raise new questions, new possibilities, to regard old

problems from a new angle, requires creative imagination and marks real advance in science.”

Albert Einstein

I. Introduction: Design Thinking

BUS443 is a step-by-step guide for deploying ‘design thinking’ in order to create innovative solutions in your workspace. We define innovation as a viable offering that is new to a specific context and time, creating value for user and provider. 'Design thinking' is a mindset and a method that can be applied to create a new challenge or endeavor among a group of people. Using structured methods for observation, interpretation, reframing, prototyping, and visualizing, you will create a group design that best depicts your imagination.

 

II. Online Interactive Design for Change: The Fishbowl

In groups of three, you will create an online network (known as the Fishbowl). You will be three interacting "knowledge-workers" whose range of learning experience will be determined by the level of engagement with the other's text. In your Fishbowl, you will learn to design an interactive system that produces knowledge and knowing from felt-experiences. The purpose of your design is to create value for users.

III. Reference Textbooks

a. Action Trumps Everything: Creating What You Want in an Uncertain World by Charles F. Kiefer and Leonard A. Schlesinger

with Paul B. Brown. Black Ink Press, 2010.

b. 'Living Text: Letters from the Fishbowl,' College of Business, University of Rhode Island, Spring 2020.

IV. Method in the Fishbowl

Facilitating processes for self-organization is an important part of what you do in the course. The following methodologies are covered: Social Constructivism, Design Thinking, Critical Engagement, Dialog, Reflexivity,

Digital Literacy and Active Learning.

V. Performance: Practice and Commitment

The following four relational practices will directly impact your performance in the course:

1. Communication, i.e., a dialogical exchange of views

2. Collaboration, i.e., interactively creating something

3. Cooperation, i.e., working towards a common goal

4. Contribution, i.e., committing to sharing process

Most of your work is done online and in your own time. However, you'll soon discover that in order to survive, you must show-up,

turn-on and tune-in every time. It is your focused presence that will develop conversation and dialogue in the group, and so you begin

the process of formulating a design. Furthermore, since there are few deadlines in the course, you have an increased responsibility

to each other. You're making a commitment to your group members that you'll be there every time. What is expected of you is to

read and respond to each other in a timely manner.

VI. Assessment: Learning Process and Innovative Outcomes

The basis for evaluating your work is based on your group's Design for bringing about ‘innovative learning outcomes.’ WHAT are

you learning and, HOW are you doing it? It is your learning process, along with learning outcomes that are of interest.

Your Final Design is a Critical Thinking Model whose evaluation is based upon three over-lapping activities during the semester:

a. group dynamics;

b. levels of engagement; and,

c. creating meaning and significance from group interaction.

The cornerstone for evaluating your Design is twofold:

a. Authentic, I.e., is your Design real and true?

b. Transparent, I.e., is your Design visible and self-evident?

In other words, your evaluation and assessment are based upon the following questions:

(a) How do you create a group dynamic that is visible and true?

Answer: By generating and sharing subjectivities, i.e., generating things dependent upon your mind and upon your

perceptions for their existence.

(b) How do you determine levels of engagement in your group that are visible and true?

Answer: By producing new ideas, thoughts and suggestions as to possible courses of action.

© How do you create meaning and significance from your group interaction?

Answer: By expanding your range of experiences, i.e., the range of events and occurrences that leave an

impression on others’ minds.

VII. Grade Distribution

1. 20% Taking and Making Notes

You're setting up a process for taking and making notes. This process is an important one because it involves making decisions and

engaging in thought processes, both inside and outside the classroom. It is Active Learning as note-taking and note-making, i.e.,

you're doing something with the information you're receiving. Active listening and active reading means active learning.

'Summaries, recollections, revisions and focusing are four elements which together constitute Active Learning.'

2. 10% Developing Vocabulary

Your vocabulary is the set of words within 'the language of the course' that becomes familiar to you over the semester. Your

vocabulary will serve as a useful and fundamental tool for communicating and acquiring knowledge during the semester.

Developing an extensive vocabulary is one of the largest challenges in learning anything new.

3. 30% Interpreting Letters

You will receive close to 100 letters from the Instructor during the semester. Whenever a letter points to a certain topic, pay close

attention to it. You are constantly assessing what you're listening and reading and, you're deciding whether it is important enough to

take further and probe deeper.

4. 40% Four Exercises and Final Design

There will be four exercises that you will develop interactively in groups of three, during the period of the course. Your purpose in

completing these exercises is to develop a Critical Thinking Model that encapsulates your "way of doing knowledge."

Your Design (Critical Thinking Model) is then applied to a business situation, selected from the Financial Times on the day of the

exam. This application of your model is your final posting in your fishbowl. It is a group effort, submitted in three pages, typed

double-space.

VIII. Concluding Remarks: Attitude and Motivation

Your attitude and motivation is calibrated by how important you consider the material that you're receiving. When something

resonates, it motivates one to go deeper by discovering the essence of it. However, it is your attitude that holds the key. Active

learning involves sitting in a good posture: slouching makes your brain slouch!

Work is assigned on a daily and a weekly basis and operates like a nested Russian Doll where each doll contains another smaller

doll. Your final document is a group effort and is the smallest doll; 3 pages and typed double-space.

Welcome to BUS443

Addendum 1

I. Social, Educational and Intelligent Technologies developed in BUS 443: 

Knowledge Outcomes

provider and user value

knowledge-workers

way of doing knowledge

range of experience

range of caring

range of responsibility

learning process

learning outcome

levels of engagement

generate subjectivities

interactive system

felt experience

relational practice

dialogical exchange

sharing process

creative interaction

working towards commonality

show-up, turn-on and tune-in

focused presence

conversation and dialog

constant assessment

discernment and emergence

story-line

making commitment

timely response

transparency and authenticity

attitude and motivation

fundamental tools

vocabulary and discourse

resonance and calibration

meaning and significance

Addendum 2

Five Objectives stated by the University of Rhode Island:

1. Acquiring skills in working with others as a member of a team.

2. Developing creative capacities (writing, inventing, designing, performing).

3. Developing skill in expressing oneself in writing.

4. Learning how to critically evaluate ideas, arguments, and points of view.

5. Acquiring an interest in learning more by asking questions and seeking answers.

Success requires that you keep pace with the work, understand course concepts, and study effectively.

The Academic Enhancement Center (www.uri.edu/aec) is a great place to do this. At the AEC you can work alone or in groups, and

tutors and professional learning specialists are available to help you to learn, manage your time and work, and study well. They’re

open Monday through Thursday from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. and Fridays until 1 p.m. All services are free (the coffee is free as well!),

and no appointment is

needed. You can call them for complete information at 874-2367, or just stop by the center on the fourth floor of Roosevelt Hall.

Thank You

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/4/2019 12:57:36
Subject: coming close to the end-2 (345)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

In Business & Society (345) you were concerning yourselves with individual, concrete felt-experiences. You were whatever you chose to make of yourself at every moment during the course. You were free and therefore responsible for everything you did and every felt-experience you had.

On the other hand, you were free only within the situation you found yourselves in (10+1 steps). Your existence was thus dichotomous; at once boxed in by borders and yet transformative and exhilarating. Box/Transform.

You were simultaneously boxed and transformed because you concentrated on describing lived experience as it presented itself. By describing experience well, we understand ways of leading more authentic lives. Please bear that in mind. It is a "new society."

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/4/2019 12:21:50
Subject: today's class (443)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Today is the last class scheduled for this semester.

I will collect hard copies of your Design models.

Please hand them as a group, preferably stapled.

We will go over the Final in detail. 3 pages double-spaced and done jointly as a group. 

It will be posted in your fishbowls at the scheduled time (WED, DEC.18 at 3PM) 

by any one member of your group.

From Saturday onwards, until the scheduled Final, you will receive a spate of letters describing and highlighting your design process. These letters will wind-down and bring to a full circle the subject matter of the course. It is expected that you will reflect upon them.

I recommend meeting next Wednesday, same time 11/12, particularly to assist anyone who is stressing. I personally think you are doing marvelously. You opened-up to a new vocabulary and new ideas and new ways of thinking. I believe even your silence spoke.

Having said that, the major event in class today is a visit by filmmaker Mike Troiano. A home-grown boy with an inexhaustible entrepreneurial spirit.

Please see the following two web-sites. The first is an introduction to Mike. The second site has to do with you. Please critically view your peers; previous students relating to themselves, to learning and, to each other. We can call ourselves a fishbowl, we can call ourselves by any metaphor we like, but the story will always remain about our time together. Mike will be talking about the power of selfies and how to make them, professionally speaking.

Sanjiv

www.clearheadfilms.com

 www.clearheadfilms.com/uri-video

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 12/3/2019 20:44:12
Subject: BUS 345
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Julia,

Thank you for raising the question. The matter is not entirely settled as yet. Next week Troiano will come to class, and we will discuss it then. 

There should be something due, but not be in the nature of an exam. It will be online, short, nothing you can’t do, will not require preparation as such, but allow time to reflect, and it will not conflict with individual travel, so please confirm your plans.

In other words, there will be a closure, a good bye of some sort. A self reflexive exercise. It might have to do with friendship, I don’t know. I haven’t thought that far. Considered opinions are always welcome. I might ask you to write a letter to each other about each other.

Those who get the drift of the fishbowl will have no difficulty, and others too will be able to handle it. We are only to create value together.

I hope that helps. Go with the flow is the metaphor these days. And a reminder: to read slow is to move fast.

Sanjiv

On Dec 3, 2019, at 3:14 PM, Julia Trovato <juliaatrovato@my.uri.edu> wrote:

Hello Professor Dugal,

Hope all is well and you are enjoying your snow day. I was wondering if there is a final for BUS 345. I thought there wasn’t and most people I asked also said there wasn’t but I just wanted to make sure as I plan my travels home. Thank you so much. See you next week. 

Best,

Julia Trovato

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/26/2019 14:42:54
Subject: Self-Referential Design and Action Research (443)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Wishing you all a wonderful break for Thanksgiving. 

Stay close to text in your fishbowls during this time, because you're creating meaning. 

You're using the standard tools of Active Learning and Action Research. Please google.

As we hurtle towards the horizon, you are doing splendidly, for the most part. 

The ending is an exercise on Self-Referencing. It is known as Referential Thinking as well.

You are making a Self-Referential Design. Please google.

I understand it as turning around and looking and re-arranging what I see.

You are giving me hard copies on the last day of class, which I believe is Dec.4.

It is a “reflexive" exercise, and you must have its process under your belt. 

Google and construct your understanding of “reflexivity.” Base it upon your fishbowl experience.

Please post this over the break.

Having done the 10+1 four times, you are giving me the following on 12/4.

1. A list of 16 sentences that you constructed, along with your group. Identify names. (1page for the group)

2. Individually, you are to select 15 words from the 16 sentences above, and sort them into 5 categories.

In other words, every individual is giving me 5 boxes, with 2+1 words in each box. Plus, a sentence for each box: Five structures. 

(That will be 3 pages, one for each individual)

Finally,

A collaborative Design through interaction and dialog, consisting the same: 5 boxes, each with 2+1 words, and 5 sentence structures. (1 page)

And

A metaphorical Title for your Group’s Design. (1page)

It will be 6 pages all together, given by the group, stapled and due on 12/4.

Once again, the following 6 pages are due:

1. 16 sentences (Group's page)

2. 15 selected words, sorted in 5 boxes and 5 sentence constructions (individual's page)

3. Final model done through interaction and dialog: 5 boxes and 5 sentences (group's page)

4. Metaphorical title (group's page).

It is pretty straightforward, I would think. The challenge and struggle is to construct and create structures that are meaningful space for interpretation.

And you will receive the title: Designer & Catalyst. 

But did you create value? That is to be determined on the day of the final exam.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/26/2019 0:39:06
Subject: Relationships, not just parts
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I am going to shift my attention to your design process in 443, and ask you to reflect upon my letters keeping your postings in your fishbowls in mind.

Each part in a symbiotic system is made stronger by its relationship to other parts. Think of your selected words. To connect symbiotically is to link parts to parts, make parts into systems, and join systems to other systems.

Your fishbowls are part of a symbiotic system! Please be sure to understand this. It is about relationships not just parts.

Sanjiv

SYMBIOTIC, SYSTEM, PART, CONNECT, RELATIONSHIP

C:345

From the fishbowl...

Haley Nathanson

Posts: 83

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 4:47 pm

Contact: Contact Haley Nathanson

LETTER REFLECTIONS

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by Haley Nathanson » Wed Sep 25, 2019 1:01 pm

Sharing what we see when we read

By sharing our thoughts in the fishbowl we are able to help each other learn and see things from different perspectives. Each group in our class acts as a different hub of ideas and thoughts that can help connect our class as a whole. We do not all share the same thoughts, each mind is different and we find value in different words and images.

Top

Haley Nathanson

Posts: 83

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 4:47 pm

Contact: Contact Haley Nathanson

Developing A Process

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by Haley Nathanson » Wed Sep 25, 2019 1:02 pm

1. Catch 22- a paradoxical situation we cannot escape because of contradictory rules

2. Great ideas but you cannot start

3. Find out the essence of innovation

4. Ideas arise in-between us

5. Learns as he creates

6. Which way to go

7. Be visual

8. How can we know what we want until we see what the options are

9. Don’t try to overthink

10. Start moving

Top

Haley Nathanson

Posts: 83

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 4:47 pm

Contact: Contact Haley Nathanson

Restructuring Again

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by Haley Nathanson » Wed Sep 25, 2019 1:02 pm

Pre-individual can affect our perception: an Individual if formed by the conjunction of matter and form the pre-individua--l in Simondon has a reality of it's own that does not simply vanish into the individual considered as the (unwarranted) telos of an individuating process.

Somewhat our first impressions, which lead to our perceptions of people, we form these early on in our processes.

Top

Haley Nathanson

Posts: 83

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 4:47 pm

Contact: Contact Haley Nathanson

New Forms of Intimacy and Friendship

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by Haley Nathanson » Wed Sep 25, 2019 1:06 pm

During our social meeting exercise we as a group will be testing one of Giddens forms of intimacy- friendship. Afterwards we should see some form of a transformation in regards to our relationship as a group. A new beginning level of friendship may form and help bring the group together. We may find it hard and challenging to dive into our mental thought process as the friendship forms.

Top

Haley Nathanson

Posts: 83

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 4:47 pm

Contact: Contact Haley Nathanson

Learning is an Act of Courage

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by Haley Nathanson » Sun Oct 06, 2019 2:07 pm

By working together in the Fishbowl, we can find new meanings and understand things differently through the help of our peers. We find different meanings in things we discuss in the fishbowl through the different language and words we use.

Courage: the ability to do something that frightens one.

One must have courage to speak out in the fishbowl and open their mind to their peers.

Top

Haley Nathanson

Posts: 83

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 4:47 pm

Contact: Contact Haley Nathanson

Creating and Constructing Knowledge Content

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by Haley Nathanson » Mon Oct 07, 2019 9:29 pm

The act of deep mental involvement is not something you have already written and experienced, instead you are forming new ones.

In order to think you have to figure out what you want to spend time analyzing. It is almost impossible to remember everything, it is too much to think about

Top

Haley Nathanson

Posts: 83

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 4:47 pm

Contact: Contact Haley Nathanson

Friendship again

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by Haley Nathanson » Tue Oct 22, 2019 2:50 pm

“We cannot share the world as it already is, with the exception of the natural world. The world that we can share is always and still to be elaborated by us and between us starting from the perception and affirmation of what and who we are as humans here and now.”

--- The world is in a constant state of change and it is counting on us to be the change. Our individual thoughts and experiences help shape the world.

Top

Haley Nathanson

Posts: 83

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 4:47 pm

Contact: Contact Haley Nathanson

Technologies of Lived Abstraction

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by Haley Nathanson » Wed Oct 23, 2019 3:36 pm

"Growth and development is a movement inside our heads, and it takes place through our words, and it is felt in our bodies."

--- technologies of lived abstraction : the thoughts and actions that are bodies go through help us grow and change. The way we view things and see things in the world are constantly changing by what exists and what we make up.

Top

Haley Nathanson

Posts: 83

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 4:47 pm

Contact: Contact Haley Nathanson

The Nature of Metaphor

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by Haley Nathanson » Wed Oct 30, 2019 3:32 pm

"The fishbowl as a play pen"

- an area where we can co-mingle and interact. It should be a fun space where you can be free and learn things from each other

Top

Haley Nathanson

Posts: 83

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 4:47 pm

Contact: Contact Haley Nathanson

Doing Conversation

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by Haley Nathanson » Wed Oct 30, 2019 3:36 pm

This class is not about the student / instructor relationship, but it is more about working with your peers and those in your group. instead of worrying about our grades we should focus on opening our minds and truly learning. There are certain learning objectives that can only be obtained if you do the class right.

Top

Haley Nathanson

Posts: 83

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 4:47 pm

Contact: Contact Haley Nathanson

Please excuse absence

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by Haley Nathanson » Tue Nov 05, 2019 11:31 am

"we have a tendency to reify mental things. Reify. Good word. Look it up and return to it."

-- after looking up this word i the dictionary i can come to the understanding that it means to make something more real, concrete. It provides a bridge between what is abstract and what is real.

"We’re making our text and images and felt-experiences material by abstracting from them and, we're submitting our process of textual expression to a conference for review. For affirmation. For time well spent. For a return on our investment. For a digital footprint."

-- The writing we are working on and the 10 steps we take forms our work into more than just words. We are creating an experience; the experience our mind goes through when we think and develop. By turning our work into the conference we are getting another ones approval of our hard work and it proves we have spent our time well.

Top

Haley Nathanson

Posts: 83

Joined: Tue Sep 10, 2019 4:47 pm

Contact: Contact Haley Nathanson

Reflecting mid way

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by Haley Nathanson » Tue Nov 05, 2019 11:52 am

" You are not showing how you did it, nor what you did, you are sharing How you Think. Thereby you empower your text."

--- what we put into the fishbowl is an interpretation of what is going on in our minds. We are able to empower the words we write by showing how we got them, the thought process and how our brain is wired.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/25/2019 23:40:36
Subject: relevance
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I’ve moved beyond the two Abstracts. Yesterday’s news! We’re continuously reaping the whirlwind; the storm of ideas. Riding the waves, focused on the horizon, that forever moves away. I must focus and change my life.

How do you develop an organizational design among yourselves and survive the unknown?

And, 

how do you come up with something meaningful to say that addresses your self-constructed questions?

Are these questions even the relevant ones? How would you know?

Looking at Emily Orr looking at me looking at her...and getting back in the groove.

Stay close to text through the holidays, and you will have a better time...guaranteed, or your money back!

Sanjiv

RELEVANCE (wiki)

C: 345

From the fishbowl...

Letter Reflections: Emily Orr

9/10/19

"Emotions are evoked by Text and Images." - Dugal

Humans can have a emotional connection to the text they read or images they see especially if it reminds them of something in their personal lives.

Last edited by emilyorr on Wed Sep 18, 2019 7:57 am, edited 1 time in total.

sharing what we 'see' when we read

Post by emilyorr »

"connecting across differences is the way forward into the future."

We must learn to accept others' points of view if we are to collaborate with them even if the shared experiences or understandings differ.

Last edited by emilyorr on Wed Sep 18, 2019 7:57 am, edited 1 time in total.

a designer's notes

"Designers love questions, but what they really love is ‘reframing' questions"

Viewing what already exists in a different light can bring someone on an entirely new journey and open their mind to other possibilities.

Last edited by emilyorr on Wed Sep 18, 2019 7:57 am, edited 1 time in total.

logistics

"Socially Reflexive"

It is important to reflect upon what has been done especially in relationships with others to learn from shared experience.

Last edited by emilyorr on Wed Sep 18, 2019 7:57 am, edited 1 time in total.

Re-structuring again

"Courage must always be applauded."

Courage is a core value that is good for everyone to posses and therefore should be acknowledged and applauded when demonstrated to inspire those witnessing it.

Reading the other's posting

"It’s an addiction of chasing something else..."

In this fast-paced world, many cannot help but look to what is next when instead they should be savoring the current moment in time.

Thinking about metaphor

"The film depicts a mechanistic organization"

The film showed that those with this mechanical way of thought were too afraid to push boundaries and attempt or accept something new.

New forms of intimacy and friendship

"the development of some form of friendship is inherent in success."

Connections are the bridge from where someone currently stands to a path that leads to a successful future.

Being in a state of Becoming

"Scott was moving out of the machine metaphor (way of thinking and doing) and picking up new symbols (word-images) from Grandma’s metaphor, where the rhythm, she explains, is in the heartbeat ("listen to the rhythm") and not in perfectly rendered steps."

Scott realized that being a person that followed the machine metaphor was no longer in line with what he wished to be so with the help of important people he interacted with, he learned how to change his ways and no longer "follow the crowd". It was helpful for him to see others with an understanding that there is no "right" way of thinking or doing.

Learning is an Act of Courage

"In a digital environment, we create structures. "

In our fishbowls, we are expressing our thoughts and symbols (words) that we possess. In doing so, when we read each others work, our body of knowledge grows and thus builds upon itself forming this structure. Together, we are all key components in this digital space. The more that information is shared, the more we can learn from each other.

creating and constructing knowledge content

"Your text in the fishbowl is nascent and in a state of formation"

The beginning of the fishbowl postings still show potential for improvement and as time goes on and as more is contributed, they will blossom into what they should be. I am still learning how to make my postings, but I feel that with each class and learning from my groups work, I am grasping a better understanding.

Sharing the World: Reading your social meeting reflections

“We cannot share the world as it already is, with the exception of the natural world. The world that we can share is always and still to be elaborated by us and between us starting from the perception and affirmation of what and who we are as humans here and now." -Luce Irigaray

The structure of our world is constantly forming and changing. It is not black and white and is based on each individual and how they go through life.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/25/2019 14:08:46
Subject: abstract submission extended
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

The Abstract submission has been extended to December 5th. So I will be making the suggested changes.

On another matter. I have cancelled class tomorrow but we will be going online. If you wish to meet with me, for any reason, please email me at sanjivdugal@gmail.com and I will come down to school.

I will be in touch with you online during this week. The best way to have a great Holliday is to stay close to text for about half hour every morning. Those who have to catch up with vocabulary and letters and google searches this is the best time. Your reflections are key.

Sanjiv

Begin forwarded message:

From: "INTED2020" <inted2020@iated.org>

Subject: Abstract Submission Extension: 5th December 2019

Date: November 25, 2019 at 8:30:19 AM EST

To: <sanjivdugal@gmail.com>

Reply-To: inted2020@iated.org

Publicidad

View content in a browser »

facebook twitter youtube

INTED2020

14th annual International Technology, Education and Development Conference

2-4 MARCH, 2020

VALENCIA (SPAIN)	SUBMIT YOUR ABSTRACT NOW »

Deadline extension: 5th of December, 2019

JOIN US!

Dear Sanjiv Dugal,

You are invited to join the 14th edition of INTED, one of the largest international conferences for lecturers, researchers and technologists.

After 14 years, it has become a reference event where more than 700 experts from 80 countries get together to present their projects and share their knowledge on educational innovations.

Discover INTED in this two-minute movie	

Learn more »

CALL FOR ABSTRACTS

You are invited to contribute and submit your abstracts in any of the following formats:

- In person: oral and poster presentations. 

- Virtually: if you cannot attend in person.

The deadline for abstracts submission is 5th of December, 2019.

You can find the conference topics here.

Learn more »

TOP 5 REASONS TO ATTEND INTED2020

- Present your paper in one of the largest international conferences on education.

- Interact with international educators and technologists for future cooperation.

- Meet 700 participants from more than 80 countries.

- Learn about education innovations and strategies in 70+ thematic sessions.

- Publish your paper in INTED2020 Proceedings.

Learn more »

PUBLICATIONS

- INTED2020 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for their inclusion in Web of Science (Conference Proceedings Citation Index). Previous editions were already accepted.

- An individual DOI number will be assigned for each accepted paper.

- Also, INTED2020 Proceedings will be included in IATED Digital Library.

Learn more »

ABOUT VALENCIA

Valencia is an impressive city. Its old and modern architecture, golden sandy beaches, excellent weather, large natural parks and tasty gastronomy will make your stay unforgettable.

Valencia Airport offers a wide range of international flights. Also, there is a high speed train from Madrid to Valencia (duration: one and a half hours).

Come and live this unique experience at INTED2020!

Learn more »

PROPOSE A SPECIAL SESSION

If you want your own topic being covered, you are invited to propose a special session where you and your colleagues can share novel ideas and experiences and discuss them with the audience.

Discover how »		

BECOME AN EXHIBITOR

Exhibit your products to more than 700 leading decision-makers, lecturers, researchers and practitioners in education and research from more than 80 different countries.

Discover how»

IATED

IATED Publications

Search Digital Library

IATED Talks

Proceedings indexed in ISI Proceedings

DOI Crossref

Copyright © 2006-2019 IATED. All rights reserved.

If you are no longer interested in receiving this information, you can have your email address removed from the list by clicking here. Thank you

This email and its attachments, if any, contain confidential information and is directed exclusively to the addressee and is protected by Law. Any person other than that to whom it is addressed is expressly forbidden to totally or partially reproduce, use, transmit, copy or print it. If you have received this email in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete this original message and its attachments from your system. In accordance with the provisions of the Data Protection Law, IATED Academy guarantees the adoption of measures to secure the confidential treatment of the personal data. We also inform you that your information will be included in a file under the responsibility of IATED Academy, with the purpose of handling all the commitments arising from the relationship we have with you. If you wish you can exercise your rights of access, rectification, cancellation and opposition by writing a letter to: IATED Academy, at Legion Espanola 11 Bajo. 46010 Valencia. Spain.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/25/2019 14:08:18
Subject: abstract submission extended
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

The Abstract submission has been extended to December 5th. So I will be making the suggested changes.

On another matter. I have cancelled class tomorrow but we will be going online. If you wish to meet with me, for any reason, please email me at sanjivdugal@gmail.com and I will come down to school.

I will be in touch with you online during this week. The best way to have a great Holliday is to stay close to text for about half hour every morning. Those who have to catch up with vocabulary and letters and google searches this is the best time. Your reflections are key.

Sanjiv

Begin forwarded message:

From: "INTED2020" <inted2020@iated.org>

Subject: Abstract Submission Extension: 5th December 2019

Date: November 25, 2019 at 8:30:19 AM EST

To: <sanjivdugal@gmail.com>

Reply-To: inted2020@iated.org

Publicidad

View content in a browser »

facebook twitter youtube

INTED2020

14th annual International Technology, Education and Development Conference

2-4 MARCH, 2020

VALENCIA (SPAIN)	SUBMIT YOUR ABSTRACT NOW »

Deadline extension: 5th of December, 2019

JOIN US!

Dear Sanjiv Dugal,

You are invited to join the 14th edition of INTED, one of the largest international conferences for lecturers, researchers and technologists.

After 14 years, it has become a reference event where more than 700 experts from 80 countries get together to present their projects and share their knowledge on educational innovations.

Discover INTED in this two-minute movie	

Learn more »

CALL FOR ABSTRACTS

You are invited to contribute and submit your abstracts in any of the following formats:

- In person: oral and poster presentations. 

- Virtually: if you cannot attend in person.

The deadline for abstracts submission is 5th of December, 2019.

You can find the conference topics here.

Learn more »

TOP 5 REASONS TO ATTEND INTED2020

- Present your paper in one of the largest international conferences on education.

- Interact with international educators and technologists for future cooperation.

- Meet 700 participants from more than 80 countries.

- Learn about education innovations and strategies in 70+ thematic sessions.

- Publish your paper in INTED2020 Proceedings.

Learn more »

PUBLICATIONS

- INTED2020 Proceedings will be submitted for evaluation for their inclusion in Web of Science (Conference Proceedings Citation Index). Previous editions were already accepted.

- An individual DOI number will be assigned for each accepted paper.

- Also, INTED2020 Proceedings will be included in IATED Digital Library.

Learn more »

ABOUT VALENCIA

Valencia is an impressive city. Its old and modern architecture, golden sandy beaches, excellent weather, large natural parks and tasty gastronomy will make your stay unforgettable.

Valencia Airport offers a wide range of international flights. Also, there is a high speed train from Madrid to Valencia (duration: one and a half hours).

Come and live this unique experience at INTED2020!

Learn more »

PROPOSE A SPECIAL SESSION

If you want your own topic being covered, you are invited to propose a special session where you and your colleagues can share novel ideas and experiences and discuss them with the audience.

Discover how »		

BECOME AN EXHIBITOR

Exhibit your products to more than 700 leading decision-makers, lecturers, researchers and practitioners in education and research from more than 80 different countries.

Discover how»

IATED

IATED Publications

Search Digital Library

IATED Talks

Proceedings indexed in ISI Proceedings

DOI Crossref

Copyright © 2006-2019 IATED. All rights reserved.

If you are no longer interested in receiving this information, you can have your email address removed from the list by clicking here. Thank you

This email and its attachments, if any, contain confidential information and is directed exclusively to the addressee and is protected by Law. Any person other than that to whom it is addressed is expressly forbidden to totally or partially reproduce, use, transmit, copy or print it. If you have received this email in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete this original message and its attachments from your system. In accordance with the provisions of the Data Protection Law, IATED Academy guarantees the adoption of measures to secure the confidential treatment of the personal data. We also inform you that your information will be included in a file under the responsibility of IATED Academy, with the purpose of handling all the commitments arising from the relationship we have with you. If you wish you can exercise your rights of access, rectification, cancellation and opposition by writing a letter to: IATED Academy, at Legion Espanola 11 Bajo. 46010 Valencia. Spain.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/24/2019 13:31:05
Subject: looking at ourselves again
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Sandra Chu,

Thank you for your well-considered suggestions regarding the abstracts. I am keeping a distance before I return, and will do so then.

I wanted to make the following points after swimming in the labyrinth that is your fishbowls... 

1. You are "developing technologies of lived abstraction." (Simondon) 

Concepts must be experienced. They are to be lived. How so? You do so by looking at processes of subjective and social emergence. Like you are doing in your fishbowls.

2. Your aim is to catch new thought and action, forming at a creative crossing. For instance, you have formed thought and experienced the following crossings: universal/particular; general/specific; abstract/concrete; global/local; collective/individual; mental/physical; feminine/masculine.

3. You understood things like: structures, felt-experiences, form and content, perceptual categories and word-images, dichotomies and social relations.

You explored how these facets come together---how they form, how they reverberate, and how they move by their difference.

Congratulations! You are in preparation for taking on anything and everything.

Sanjiv

LABYRINTH

Response to Letters

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by sandrachu » Fri Nov 22, 2019 5:39 pm

"Workplace Friendship: A Social Reflexive Exercise" letter

"Our paper presents an interactive method of ‘reading’ and ‘writing’ which we found useful for learning about each other." I like this phrase. It may also be beneficial in the future to encourage replying to other students' posts. This would then feel more like a blog where interaction between all users in the Fishbowl is possible, not just within our respective groups.

"2nd Abstract: In the beginning" letter

"This has two complementary components: we used the world outside the group as a resource for learning and, we used this information to make a positive impact inside the group." In later parts of the paper, it would be nice to add examples of exactly how a positive impact has occurred within the groups.

"Framing the second abstract" letter

"The goal is to understand what we are writing, and to construct meaning from it. Does it have value? To whom and for how much?" To me, the value is in how our words have changed each other. While it is hard to quantify, the change exists.

"How it looks" letter

"In a public and expressive space called the Fishbowl, we showed ourselves to our selves." I think this sentence may need to be reworded. It sounds a bit off.

Response to letters

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Unread post by sandrachu » Sat Nov 23, 2019 12:59 pm

"This morning thus far" letter

"1. In out paper, we define ‘engagement’ as..." --- Typo, should be: In our*

"Take a break, then The Return of the Jedi" letter

The paper looks good so far. The ideas have been elaborated upon in more depth than in the last letter's version. I particularly liked this sentence: "Clearly, functioning effectively as a team is far more valuable than any individual achievement. Our paper makes a difference by restructuring the experience away from individual fact acquisition towards team-building experiences." The focus on group work in this course has been nice. We may also want to talk about the negative effects - how groups with team members that are not cooperative are doing.

"Finally, the second submission" letter

Under the "Methodology" section, #4 is listed as #3 (there are two #3s). Otherwise, the rest looks good with the new edits to sourcing and the addition of the "Outcome" section.

"Abstracts and authorship" letter

I am happy to have been chosen as one of the co-authors! I look forward to seeing the final version of the paper, along with the results of our work in the Fishbowl.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/24/2019 13:29:19
Subject: looking at ourselves again
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Sandra Chu,

Thank you for your well-considered suggestions regarding the abstracts. I am keeping a distance before I return, and will do so then.

I wanted to make the following points after swimming in the labyrinth that is your fishbowls... 

1. You are "developing technologies of lived abstraction." (Simondon) 

Concepts must be experienced. They are to be lived. How so? You do so by looking at processes of subjective and social emergence. Like you are doing in your fishbowls.

2. Your aim is to catch new thought and action, forming at a creative crossing. For instance, you have formed thought and experienced the following crossings: universal/particular; general/specific; abstract/concrete; global/local; collective/individual; mental/physical; feminine/masculine.

3. You understood things like: structures, felt-experiences, form and content, perceptual categories and word-images, dichotomies and social relations.

You explored how these facets come together---how they form, how they reverberate, and how they move by their difference.

Congratulations! You are in preparation for taking on anything and everything.

Sanjiv

LABYRINTH

Response to Letters

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Post by sandrachu » Fri Nov 22, 2019 5:39 pm

"Workplace Friendship: A Social Reflexive Exercise" letter

"Our paper presents an interactive method of ‘reading’ and ‘writing’ which we found useful for learning about each other." I like this phrase. It may also be beneficial in the future to encourage replying to other students' posts. This would then feel more like a blog where interaction between all users in the Fishbowl is possible, not just within our respective groups.

"2nd Abstract: In the beginning" letter

"This has two complementary components: we used the world outside the group as a resource for learning and, we used this information to make a positive impact inside the group." In later parts of the paper, it would be nice to add examples of exactly how a positive impact has occurred within the groups.

"Framing the second abstract" letter

"The goal is to understand what we are writing, and to construct meaning from it. Does it have value? To whom and for how much?" To me, the value is in how our words have changed each other. While it is hard to quantify, the change exists.

"How it looks" letter

"In a public and expressive space called the Fishbowl, we showed ourselves to our selves." I think this sentence may need to be reworded. It sounds a bit off.

Response to letters

EditDeleteReportWarnInformationQuote

Unread post by sandrachu » Sat Nov 23, 2019 12:59 pm

"This morning thus far" letter

"1. In out paper, we define ‘engagement’ as..." --- Typo, should be: In our*

"Take a break, then The Return of the Jedi" letter

The paper looks good so far. The ideas have been elaborated upon in more depth than in the last letter's version. I particularly liked this sentence: "Clearly, functioning effectively as a team is far more valuable than any individual achievement. Our paper makes a difference by restructuring the experience away from individual fact acquisition towards team-building experiences." The focus on group work in this course has been nice. We may also want to talk about the negative effects - how groups with team members that are not cooperative are doing.

"Finally, the second submission" letter

Under the "Methodology" section, #4 is listed as #3 (there are two #3s). Otherwise, the rest looks good with the new edits to sourcing and the addition of the "Outcome" section.

"Abstracts and authorship" letter

I am happy to have been chosen as one of the co-authors! I look forward to seeing the final version of the paper, along with the results of our work in the Fishbowl.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/23/2019 15:51:41
Subject: selection, substitution, satisfaction
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I have often said this, but it is good to remind myself as a daily ritual. Whenever you change the way you think, you change your life.

To change the way you think requires words and images: vocabulary, selection, substitution.

To use new words is to interpret the old anew.

Our selection of words is often the problem, and it is words alone that will solve it; whether you do it yourself or pay someone else.

I’ve begun reading your fishbowls in-depth. If I missed some one entirely for the authorship, please email me. Please note, I stopped looking at my uri address (I was being harassed by admin.) and only open my gmail account, in order to devote my mind entirely to the fishbowl. I changed my metaphor: You’re not students but an audience and it is my performance in the moment and your satisfaction that is at stake. 

Sanjiv

SUBSTITUTION, ANEW, SATISFACTION, PERFORMANCE, AUDIENCE

C: 345

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/22/2019 12:22:53
Subject: abstracts and authorship
------------------------------------------------------------
Good morning Everyone,

The two Abstracts and the authors are copied below. The names are not in any order, and they are equally divided between the two abstracts.

Several things.

1. The Abstracts will undergo Blind Review, and we will know our fate on 12/17. If accepted, the full length Final paper will be due on 1/7.

2. There are about 35 students whose names have not been included at this stage.

And, there are another 20 students who barely made the cut.

I will closely be watching your performance in your fishbowls until 12/17. 

I will have an opportunity to include or exclude your names at that time.

There is time, and you have a window of opportunity.

3. I am anxious, and most interested in including all names. Why so? It’s just that when your work “touches” me, I am compelled to “touch” you back. We don’t have to do this, if we don’t reach out and touch each other!

Sanjiv

Abstract & Final Paper Management System

Abstract List | Add New Abstract | Contact details | Log out

Now editing your abstract entitled:

WORKPLACE FRIENDSHIP: A SOCIAL REFLEXIVE EXERCISE 

Abstract details | Authors details | Abstract Preview | Printer Friendly Preview

WORKPLACE FRIENDSHIP: A SOCIAL REFLEXIVE EXERCISE

S. Dugal1, S. Singh2, M. Troiano3, R. Singh4, Z. Fontes1, Z. Buckley1, B. Bolofsky1, S. Schultheiss1, E. Orr1, H. Nathanson1, J. Milder1, B. Higgins1, C. Ciccone1, N. Faiss1, N. McGowan1, K. Naranjo1, C. Xiao1, C. Pihery1, J. Young1, L. Sneyd1, M. Oppliger1, C. Machado1, J. Downing1, C. Crawford1, D. Chagnon1, K. Bergantine1, V. Baez1, I. Moak1, J. Day1, B. Hoang1, J. Watson1, E. Tan1, M. Osmanski1, N. McGowan1, C. Holmes1, S. Wynne1, S. Dwyer1, S. Dolan1, A. DeGiacomo1, M. Cole1, V. Cheslo1, A. Capasso1, L. Benco1, K. Blake1, J. Asselin1, M. Beck1, C. Allen1

1 University of Rhode Island (UNITED STATES)

2 Savvymatters (UNITED STATES)

3 Verizon (UNITED STATES)

4 RLStudios (INDIA)

sanjivdugal@uri.edu, shivsingh@gmail.com, michael.troiano1@verizon.net, rahousingh@gmail.com, zachary_fontes@my.uri.edu, zachary_buckley@my.uri.edu, brooke_bolofsky@my.uri.edu, sschultheiss22@my.uri.edu, emilyorr6@my.uri.edu, hmnathanson@my.uri.edu, juell_milder@my.uri.edu, bhiggins98@my.uri.edu, crciccone@my.uri.edu, nicole_faiss@my.uri.edu, nathan_mcgowan@my.uri.edu, kylenaranjo@my.uri.edu, chengna_xiao@my.uri.edu, charlene_pihery@my.uri.edu, jaeyoung627@my.uri.edu, lindsay_sneyd@my.uri.edu, moppliger@my.uri.edu, colbymachado7@my.uri.edu, joedowning@my.uri.edu, clara_crawford@my.uri.edu, daniel_chagnon@my.uri.edu, kbergantine@my.uri.edu, itsavibe@my.uri.edu, isaiahmoak@gmail.com, dayj2102@gmail.com, hoangngocgb12@gmail.com, jessica.watson1011@gmail.com, liztan01@yahoo.com, mattosmanski8@gmail.com, natem12345@gmail.com, coryjayh@gmail.com, samanthamwynne@gmail.com, samanthadwyer03@gmail.com, shannondolan16@aol.com, adegiacomo@my.uri.ed, mcmooka97@gmail.com, vchrischeslo@gmail.com, aecapasso@yahoo.com, ludvik_benco@hotmail.com, blakekelly17@gmail.com, josh.asselin@yahoo.com, beckhockey022@gmail.com, cleo101198@my.uri.edu

Introduction: what we did:

Friendship in the workplace is an important social phenomenon. Our paper presents a social reflexive exercise for initiating and developing ‘workplace friendship.’ Studies on ‘friendship’ show it is diverse and complex, even ambiguous in nature. Among the many issues friendship raises, we believe it existed among us whenever enough threads of intellectual exchange and reciprocated sentiment were present. In our opinion, this entitled our relationship to be termed "workplace friendship." We are business students at the University of Rhode Island. In groups of three, 135 participants formed 45 groups. Each group held a Social Meeting outside the workplace to have an open-ended conversation. Workplace issues were taboo. The social meeting experience was made of feelings and images, and we began to notice and give them form with our words. We crafted word structures, aphorisms, imagery, comparisons, awareness of detail, and playful juxtaposition. Our raison d’etre as a group was the dictum: ‘looking at you looking at me looking at you.’ This amounted to turning around to ‘look’ at our postings; the proverbial Return. We entered the invisible world where light and dark, inside and outside meet; where language became magical and our sentences expressed more than words could say. Our underlying goal was to shift group-dynamics from a competitive to a collaborative mode of thinking during this ‘friendship.'

Methodology: how we did it:

We used self-reflection to explore anecdotal and personal experience of a social meeting and connected our ‘autoethnographic’ content to wider cultural and social meanings and understandings. Our paper presents an interactive method of ‘reading’ and ‘writing’ which we found useful for learning about each other. Specifically, our method elicited textual material regarding attitudes and motivations towards the event that are not adequately elicited by other methods. After the Social Meeting, in seven choreographed steps, every individual generated text and word-images of their conversation and experience and posted on an electronic bill-board called, The Fishbowl. The methodologies underlying our process were the following: participant-observation, symbolic interactionism and social reflexivity. 

Conclusion: what did we learn:

1. By sharing experiences and vignettes from our lives, we saw some of the possibilities that text and images can create.

2. A sympathy and understanding developed and a definite personal relationship was formed and acknowledged. 

3. The tolerance, trust, and sharing of private thoughts we offered each other were of great value in getting a sense of identity for oneself in the group. 

4. Our interactions were interior maps. When we apprehended these maps, these stories, these patterns—-we awoke a new perspective and new possibilities.

5. Friendship is a choice, something you can try on and wear. When we put on the hat and coat of friendship, we incline towards success. 

6. Unless we learn to revise our inner storytelling and let ourselves be seen, we will continue to keep ourselves from friendship with the stories we tell ourselves. 

7. We learnt that in a safe, free setting, surrounded by words, any one can write ‘friendship’ into their working lives—-often very good ones. 

Keywords: REFLEXIVITY, WORKPLACE FRIENDSHIP

Abstract & Final Paper Management System

Abstract List | Add New Abstract | Contact details | Log out

Now editing your abstract entitled:

ENGAGEMENT AND EXPRESSION: CONSTRUCTING MEANINGFUL KNOWLEDGE-CONTENT 

Abstract details | Authors details | Abstract Preview | Printer Friendly Preview

ENGAGEMENT AND EXPRESSION: CONSTRUCTING MEANINGFUL KNOWLEDGE-CONTENT

S. Dugal1, S. Singh2, M. Troiano3, R. Singh4, S. Chu1, J. Pusateri1, A. Lopes1, B. Rexter1, M. Falaye1, A. Melby1, E. Milich1, A. Coristine1, A. Audate1, M. Barry1, M. Thibodeau1, N. Katchen1, N. Gustafson1, J. Hausherr1, P. Costanzo1, A. Symons1, Q. Logan1, B. Schiffer1, C. Sousa1, C. Rigoliosi1, M. Hernandez1, K. Kertanis1, O. Salvucci1, R. Reynolds1, J. Repoza1, M. Restrepo1, C. Regalbuto1, J. Trovato1, D. Garcia1, N. Farrales1, J. St.Onge1, E. Flynn1, R. Stone1, M. Howe1, J. Underwood1, N. Stephenson1, M. Volpe1, N. Mollicone1, Z. Katzen1, F. Bahre1, M. Waleyko1, S. Rosa1, I. Olczak1, N. Middrup1, M. Halloran1, J. Gibbons1, O. Costello1, P. Capece1

1 University of Rhode Island (UNITED STATES)

2 Savvymatters (UNITED STATES)

3 Verizon (UNITED STATES)

4 RLStudios (INDIA)

sanjivdugal@uri.edu, shivsingh@gmail.com, michael.troiano1@verizon.net, rahoulsingh@gmail.com, sandrac@my.uri.edu, jpusateri@my.uri.edu, alopes98@my.uri.edu, brett_rexter@my.uri.edu, michael_falaye@my.uri.edu, anna_melby@my.uri.edu, emily_milich@my.uri.edu, akcoristine@my.uri.edu, alain_audate@my.uri.edu, meghan_barry@my.uri.edu, marie_thibodeau@my.uri.edu, natalie_katchen@my.uri.edu, ngustafson28@my.uri.edu, julia_hausherr@my.uri.edu, paige_costanzo@my.uri.edu, annie_symons@my.uri.edu, lahquasialogan@my.uri.edu, bschiffer@my.uri.edu, csousa4@my.uri.edu, craig_rigoliosi@my.uri.edu, hernandezma@my.uri.edu, kkertanis@my.uri.edu, oliviasalvucci@my.uri.edu, raivon_reynolds@my.uri.du, jacob_repoza@my.uri.edu, mrestrepo2@my.uri.edu, cregalbuto@my.uri.edu, juliaatrovato@my.uri.edu, darlingg1998@my.uri.edu, nicole_farrales@my.uri.edu, john_stonge@my.uri.edu, eric_flynn@my.uri.edu, ryan_stone1@my.uri.edu, maxwell_howe@my.uri.edu, junderwood93@my.uri.edu, noah_stephenson@my.uri.edu, mcvolpe95@gmail.com, nickmollicone@gmail.com, zackk23@comcast.net, fraser_bahre@my.uri.edu, matthew_waleyko@my.uri.edu, srosa1997@hotmail.com, isabellaolczak@gmail.com, nikmidd@web.de, mhallojr2@gmail.com, jgibbons@my.uri.edu, oliviacostello5@gmail.com, pcapece33@gmail.com

Introduction:

We are 120 undergraduates in the College of Business at the University of Rhode Island. In groups of three, we set out to understand the meaning of Complex Adaptive Systems (1) over a period of two weeks in digital space, we called The Fishbowl (2). We found that when constructing meaningful knowledge-content, our effectiveness increased whenever we “engaged” with text and, “expressed” our reflections to each other. As knowledge-workers constructing meaning, our underlying purpose was to add value to the group’s knowing of the subject matter. In sequential steps, our paper presents one group’s journey into their understanding of Complex Adaptive Systems and, constructing meaning for themselves about it. 

1. We define ‘engagement’ as “conveying interaction with text outside the group to each other inside the group” (3).This has two complementary components: we used the world outside the group as a resource for learning and, we used this information to make a positive impact inside the group. 

2. We define ‘expressiveness’ as “the public display of symbols or enactment of symbolic action for performative effect” (4). 

Methodology:

1. We present 10+1 steps as a way of linking theory and practice so that knowledge can be action based and derived from practice in the real world as opposed to being generated through abstract survey methods. 

2. Our method is best described as sorting, sifting and selecting from word-pools to create and construct understandings about the subject matter.

3. Our method is one of abstracting, framing and interpreting text in a social situation; the Fishbowl. 

3. Our approach to understanding the subject matter belongs to the social-constructionist school of thought. The idea under-pinning this approach is understanding how knowledge has an unfolding transformative potential and, how the images and ideas we hold of ourselves as knowledge-workers has fundamental impact on how our knowing unfolds in the group. The underlying assumption is the belief that we do make and shape our understanding of the world and have the ability to do so anew. 

Outcome:

1. We are 40 groups, three individuals each. In digital space, called the Fishbowl, “we showed ourselves to ourselves” (5). Every individual played an active role when interpreting the subject matter. As active agents (6), we selected symbols and framed interpretations in 10+1 steps from our own standpoint. Both engagement and expression became performances, that is, “interpretive events.” 

2. Organizations have learnt that chasing numbers does not translate into productivity and that linear thinking is archaic. Clearly, functioning effectively as a team is far more valuable than any individual achievement. Our paper makes a difference by restructuring the experience away from individual fact acquisition towards team-building experiences.

3. We see our understanding of the subject matter not as radically new but as recognizing kinship within the group, as well as differences between groups.

References:

[1] Bartlett and Ghoshal, “Managing Across Borders,” (1989).

[2] Howard Rheingold, “Net Smart,” (2014)

[3] Mark Allen Peterson, “Anthropology and Mass Communication,” (2005).

[4] William O. Beeman, “Culture, Performance and Communication in Iran,” (1982).

[5] Clifford Geertz, “The Interpretation of Cultures,” (1973).

[6] John Dewey, “How We Think,” (1933).

Keywords: Action Research, Knowledge-Content, Creativity, Social Constructivism

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/22/2019 12:22:18
Subject: abstracts and authorship
------------------------------------------------------------
Good morning Everyone,

The two Abstracts and the authors are copied below. The names are not in any order, and they are equally divided between the two abstracts.

Several things.

1. The Abstracts will undergo Blind Review, and we will know our fate on 12/17. If accepted, the full length Final paper will be due on 1/7.

2. There are about 35 students whose names have not been included at this stage.

And, there are another 20 students who barely made the cut.

I will closely be watching your performance in your fishbowls until 12/17. 

I will have an opportunity to include or exclude your names at that time.

There is time, and you have a window of opportunity.

3. I am anxious, and most interested in including all names. Why so? It’s just that when your work “touches” me, I am compelled to “touch” you back. We don’t have to do this, if we don’t reach out and touch each other!

Sanjiv

Abstract & Final Paper Management System

Abstract List | Add New Abstract | Contact details | Log out

Now editing your abstract entitled:

WORKPLACE FRIENDSHIP: A SOCIAL REFLEXIVE EXERCISE 

Abstract details | Authors details | Abstract Preview | Printer Friendly Preview

WORKPLACE FRIENDSHIP: A SOCIAL REFLEXIVE EXERCISE

S. Dugal1, S. Singh2, M. Troiano3, R. Singh4, Z. Fontes1, Z. Buckley1, B. Bolofsky1, S. Schultheiss1, E. Orr1, H. Nathanson1, J. Milder1, B. Higgins1, C. Ciccone1, N. Faiss1, N. McGowan1, K. Naranjo1, C. Xiao1, C. Pihery1, J. Young1, L. Sneyd1, M. Oppliger1, C. Machado1, J. Downing1, C. Crawford1, D. Chagnon1, K. Bergantine1, V. Baez1, I. Moak1, J. Day1, B. Hoang1, J. Watson1, E. Tan1, M. Osmanski1, N. McGowan1, C. Holmes1, S. Wynne1, S. Dwyer1, S. Dolan1, A. DeGiacomo1, M. Cole1, V. Cheslo1, A. Capasso1, L. Benco1, K. Blake1, J. Asselin1, M. Beck1, C. Allen1

1 University of Rhode Island (UNITED STATES)

2 Savvymatters (UNITED STATES)

3 Verizon (UNITED STATES)

4 RLStudios (INDIA)

sanjivdugal@uri.edu, shivsingh@gmail.com, michael.troiano1@verizon.net, rahousingh@gmail.com, zachary_fontes@my.uri.edu, zachary_buckley@my.uri.edu, brooke_bolofsky@my.uri.edu, sschultheiss22@my.uri.edu, emilyorr6@my.uri.edu, hmnathanson@my.uri.edu, juell_milder@my.uri.edu, bhiggins98@my.uri.edu, crciccone@my.uri.edu, nicole_faiss@my.uri.edu, nathan_mcgowan@my.uri.edu, kylenaranjo@my.uri.edu, chengna_xiao@my.uri.edu, charlene_pihery@my.uri.edu, jaeyoung627@my.uri.edu, lindsay_sneyd@my.uri.edu, moppliger@my.uri.edu, colbymachado7@my.uri.edu, joedowning@my.uri.edu, clara_crawford@my.uri.edu, daniel_chagnon@my.uri.edu, kbergantine@my.uri.edu, itsavibe@my.uri.edu, isaiahmoak@gmail.com, dayj2102@gmail.com, hoangngocgb12@gmail.com, jessica.watson1011@gmail.com, liztan01@yahoo.com, mattosmanski8@gmail.com, natem12345@gmail.com, coryjayh@gmail.com, samanthamwynne@gmail.com, samanthadwyer03@gmail.com, shannondolan16@aol.com, adegiacomo@my.uri.ed, mcmooka97@gmail.com, vchrischeslo@gmail.com, aecapasso@yahoo.com, ludvik_benco@hotmail.com, blakekelly17@gmail.com, josh.asselin@yahoo.com, beckhockey022@gmail.com, cleo101198@my.uri.edu

Introduction: what we did:

Friendship in the workplace is an important social phenomenon. Our paper presents a social reflexive exercise for initiating and developing ‘workplace friendship.’ Studies on ‘friendship’ show it is diverse and complex, even ambiguous in nature. Among the many issues friendship raises, we believe it existed among us whenever enough threads of intellectual exchange and reciprocated sentiment were present. In our opinion, this entitled our relationship to be termed "workplace friendship." We are business students at the University of Rhode Island. In groups of three, 135 participants formed 45 groups. Each group held a Social Meeting outside the workplace to have an open-ended conversation. Workplace issues were taboo. The social meeting experience was made of feelings and images, and we began to notice and give them form with our words. We crafted word structures, aphorisms, imagery, comparisons, awareness of detail, and playful juxtaposition. Our raison d’etre as a group was the dictum: ‘looking at you looking at me looking at you.’ This amounted to turning around to ‘look’ at our postings; the proverbial Return. We entered the invisible world where light and dark, inside and outside meet; where language became magical and our sentences expressed more than words could say. Our underlying goal was to shift group-dynamics from a competitive to a collaborative mode of thinking during this ‘friendship.'

Methodology: how we did it:

We used self-reflection to explore anecdotal and personal experience of a social meeting and connected our ‘autoethnographic’ content to wider cultural and social meanings and understandings. Our paper presents an interactive method of ‘reading’ and ‘writing’ which we found useful for learning about each other. Specifically, our method elicited textual material regarding attitudes and motivations towards the event that are not adequately elicited by other methods. After the Social Meeting, in seven choreographed steps, every individual generated text and word-images of their conversation and experience and posted on an electronic bill-board called, The Fishbowl. The methodologies underlying our process were the following: participant-observation, symbolic interactionism and social reflexivity. 

Conclusion: what did we learn:

1. By sharing experiences and vignettes from our lives, we saw some of the possibilities that text and images can create.

2. A sympathy and understanding developed and a definite personal relationship was formed and acknowledged. 

3. The tolerance, trust, and sharing of private thoughts we offered each other were of great value in getting a sense of identity for oneself in the group. 

4. Our interactions were interior maps. When we apprehended these maps, these stories, these patterns—-we awoke a new perspective and new possibilities.

5. Friendship is a choice, something you can try on and wear. When we put on the hat and coat of friendship, we incline towards success. 

6. Unless we learn to revise our inner storytelling and let ourselves be seen, we will continue to keep ourselves from friendship with the stories we tell ourselves. 

7. We learnt that in a safe, free setting, surrounded by words, any one can write ‘friendship’ into their working lives—-often very good ones. 

Keywords: REFLEXIVITY, WORKPLACE FRIENDSHIP

Abstract & Final Paper Management System

Abstract List | Add New Abstract | Contact details | Log out

Now editing your abstract entitled:

ENGAGEMENT AND EXPRESSION: CONSTRUCTING MEANINGFUL KNOWLEDGE-CONTENT 

Abstract details | Authors details | Abstract Preview | Printer Friendly Preview

ENGAGEMENT AND EXPRESSION: CONSTRUCTING MEANINGFUL KNOWLEDGE-CONTENT

S. Dugal1, S. Singh2, M. Troiano3, R. Singh4, S. Chu1, J. Pusateri1, A. Lopes1, B. Rexter1, M. Falaye1, A. Melby1, E. Milich1, A. Coristine1, A. Audate1, M. Barry1, M. Thibodeau1, N. Katchen1, N. Gustafson1, J. Hausherr1, P. Costanzo1, A. Symons1, Q. Logan1, B. Schiffer1, C. Sousa1, C. Rigoliosi1, M. Hernandez1, K. Kertanis1, O. Salvucci1, R. Reynolds1, J. Repoza1, M. Restrepo1, C. Regalbuto1, J. Trovato1, D. Garcia1, N. Farrales1, J. St.Onge1, E. Flynn1, R. Stone1, M. Howe1, J. Underwood1, N. Stephenson1, M. Volpe1, N. Mollicone1, Z. Katzen1, F. Bahre1, M. Waleyko1, S. Rosa1, I. Olczak1, N. Middrup1, M. Halloran1, J. Gibbons1, O. Costello1, P. Capece1

1 University of Rhode Island (UNITED STATES)

2 Savvymatters (UNITED STATES)

3 Verizon (UNITED STATES)

4 RLStudios (INDIA)

sanjivdugal@uri.edu, shivsingh@gmail.com, michael.troiano1@verizon.net, rahoulsingh@gmail.com, sandrac@my.uri.edu, jpusateri@my.uri.edu, alopes98@my.uri.edu, brett_rexter@my.uri.edu, michael_falaye@my.uri.edu, anna_melby@my.uri.edu, emily_milich@my.uri.edu, akcoristine@my.uri.edu, alain_audate@my.uri.edu, meghan_barry@my.uri.edu, marie_thibodeau@my.uri.edu, natalie_katchen@my.uri.edu, ngustafson28@my.uri.edu, julia_hausherr@my.uri.edu, paige_costanzo@my.uri.edu, annie_symons@my.uri.edu, lahquasialogan@my.uri.edu, bschiffer@my.uri.edu, csousa4@my.uri.edu, craig_rigoliosi@my.uri.edu, hernandezma@my.uri.edu, kkertanis@my.uri.edu, oliviasalvucci@my.uri.edu, raivon_reynolds@my.uri.du, jacob_repoza@my.uri.edu, mrestrepo2@my.uri.edu, cregalbuto@my.uri.edu, juliaatrovato@my.uri.edu, darlingg1998@my.uri.edu, nicole_farrales@my.uri.edu, john_stonge@my.uri.edu, eric_flynn@my.uri.edu, ryan_stone1@my.uri.edu, maxwell_howe@my.uri.edu, junderwood93@my.uri.edu, noah_stephenson@my.uri.edu, mcvolpe95@gmail.com, nickmollicone@gmail.com, zackk23@comcast.net, fraser_bahre@my.uri.edu, matthew_waleyko@my.uri.edu, srosa1997@hotmail.com, isabellaolczak@gmail.com, nikmidd@web.de, mhallojr2@gmail.com, jgibbons@my.uri.edu, oliviacostello5@gmail.com, pcapece33@gmail.com

Introduction:

We are 120 undergraduates in the College of Business at the University of Rhode Island. In groups of three, we set out to understand the meaning of Complex Adaptive Systems (1) over a period of two weeks in digital space, we called The Fishbowl (2). We found that when constructing meaningful knowledge-content, our effectiveness increased whenever we “engaged” with text and, “expressed” our reflections to each other. As knowledge-workers constructing meaning, our underlying purpose was to add value to the group’s knowing of the subject matter. In sequential steps, our paper presents one group’s journey into their understanding of Complex Adaptive Systems and, constructing meaning for themselves about it. 

1. We define ‘engagement’ as “conveying interaction with text outside the group to each other inside the group” (3).This has two complementary components: we used the world outside the group as a resource for learning and, we used this information to make a positive impact inside the group. 

2. We define ‘expressiveness’ as “the public display of symbols or enactment of symbolic action for performative effect” (4). 

Methodology:

1. We present 10+1 steps as a way of linking theory and practice so that knowledge can be action based and derived from practice in the real world as opposed to being generated through abstract survey methods. 

2. Our method is best described as sorting, sifting and selecting from word-pools to create and construct understandings about the subject matter.

3. Our method is one of abstracting, framing and interpreting text in a social situation; the Fishbowl. 

3. Our approach to understanding the subject matter belongs to the social-constructionist school of thought. The idea under-pinning this approach is understanding how knowledge has an unfolding transformative potential and, how the images and ideas we hold of ourselves as knowledge-workers has fundamental impact on how our knowing unfolds in the group. The underlying assumption is the belief that we do make and shape our understanding of the world and have the ability to do so anew. 

Outcome:

1. We are 40 groups, three individuals each. In digital space, called the Fishbowl, “we showed ourselves to ourselves” (5). Every individual played an active role when interpreting the subject matter. As active agents (6), we selected symbols and framed interpretations in 10+1 steps from our own standpoint. Both engagement and expression became performances, that is, “interpretive events.” 

2. Organizations have learnt that chasing numbers does not translate into productivity and that linear thinking is archaic. Clearly, functioning effectively as a team is far more valuable than any individual achievement. Our paper makes a difference by restructuring the experience away from individual fact acquisition towards team-building experiences.

3. We see our understanding of the subject matter not as radically new but as recognizing kinship within the group, as well as differences between groups.

References:

[1] Bartlett and Ghoshal, “Managing Across Borders,” (1989).

[2] Howard Rheingold, “Net Smart,” (2014)

[3] Mark Allen Peterson, “Anthropology and Mass Communication,” (2005).

[4] William O. Beeman, “Culture, Performance and Communication in Iran,” (1982).

[5] Clifford Geertz, “The Interpretation of Cultures,” (1973).

[6] John Dewey, “How We Think,” (1933).

Keywords: Action Research, Knowledge-Content, Creativity, Social Constructivism

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/21/2019 18:50:07
Subject: finally, the second submission
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I just put the following up. I still have to do the reference list for the Friendship abstract. And, I have to do the authors, the most difficult part for me. But I have until mid-night. After a brisk walk, I will immerse myself in your fishbowls.

Sanjiv

Att/

Engagement and Expression: Constructing Meaningful Knowledge-Content

Introduction

We are 120 undergraduates in the College of Business at the University of Rhode Island. In groups of three, we set out to understand the meaning of Complex Adaptive Systems (1) over a period of two weeks in digital space, we called The Fishbowl (2). We found that when constructing meaningful knowledge-content, our effectiveness increased whenever we “engaged” with text and, “expressed” our reflections to each other. As knowledge-workers constructing meaning, our underlying purpose was to add value to the group’s knowing of the subject matter. In sequential steps, our paper presents one group’s journey into their understanding of Complex Adaptive Systems and, constructing meaning for themselves about it. 

1. We define ‘engagement’ as “conveying interaction with text outside the group to each other inside the group” (3).This has two complementary components: we used the world outside the group as a resource for learning and, we used this information to make a positive impact inside the group. 

2. We define ‘expressiveness’ as “the public display of symbols or enactment of symbolic action for performative effect” (4). 

Methodology

1. We present 10+1 steps as a way of linking theory and practice so that knowledge can be action based and derived from practice in the real world as opposed to being generated through abstract survey methods. 

2. Our method is best described as sorting, sifting and selecting from word-pools to create and construct understandings about the subject matter.

3. Our method is one of abstracting, framing and interpreting text in a social situation; the Fishbowl. 

3. Our approach to understanding the subject matter belongs to the social-constructionist school of thought. The idea under-pinning this approach is understanding how knowledge has an unfolding transformative potential and, how the images and ideas we hold of ourselves as knowledge-workers has fundamental impact on how our knowing unfolds in the group. The underlying assumption is the belief that we do make and shape our understanding of the world and have the ability to do so anew. 

Outcome

1. We are 40 groups, three individuals each. In digital space, called the Fishbowl, “we showed ourselves to ourselves” (5). Every individual played an active role when interpreting the subject matter. As active agents (6), we selected symbols and framed interpretations in 10+1 steps from our own standpoint. Both engagement and expression became performances, that is, “interpretive events.” 

2. Organizations have learnt that chasing numbers does not translate into productivity and that linear thinking is archaic. Clearly, functioning effectively as a team is far more valuable than any individual achievement. Our paper makes a difference by restructuring the experience away from individual fact acquisition towards team-building experiences.

3. We see our understanding of the subject matter not as radically new but as recognizing kinship within the group, as well as differences between groups.

References

1. Bartlett and Ghoshal, “Managing Across Borders,” (1989).

2. Howard Rheingold, “Net Smart,” (2014)

3. Mark Allen Peterson, “Anthropology and Mass Communication,” (2005).

4. William O. Beeman, “Culture, Performance and Communication in Iran,” (1982).

5. Clifford Geertz, “The Interpretation of Cultures,” (1973).

6. John Dewey, “How We Think,” (1933).

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/21/2019 18:49:33
Subject: finally, the second submission
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I just put the following up. I still have to do the reference list for the Friendship abstract. And, I have to do the authors, the most difficult part for me. But I have until mid-night. After a brisk walk, I will immerse myself in your fishbowls.

Sanjiv

Att/

Engagement and Expression: Constructing Meaningful Knowledge-Content

Introduction

We are 120 undergraduates in the College of Business at the University of Rhode Island. In groups of three, we set out to understand the meaning of Complex Adaptive Systems (1) over a period of two weeks in digital space, we called The Fishbowl (2). We found that when constructing meaningful knowledge-content, our effectiveness increased whenever we “engaged” with text and, “expressed” our reflections to each other. As knowledge-workers constructing meaning, our underlying purpose was to add value to the group’s knowing of the subject matter. In sequential steps, our paper presents one group’s journey into their understanding of Complex Adaptive Systems and, constructing meaning for themselves about it. 

1. We define ‘engagement’ as “conveying interaction with text outside the group to each other inside the group” (3).This has two complementary components: we used the world outside the group as a resource for learning and, we used this information to make a positive impact inside the group. 

2. We define ‘expressiveness’ as “the public display of symbols or enactment of symbolic action for performative effect” (4). 

Methodology

1. We present 10+1 steps as a way of linking theory and practice so that knowledge can be action based and derived from practice in the real world as opposed to being generated through abstract survey methods. 

2. Our method is best described as sorting, sifting and selecting from word-pools to create and construct understandings about the subject matter.

3. Our method is one of abstracting, framing and interpreting text in a social situation; the Fishbowl. 

3. Our approach to understanding the subject matter belongs to the social-constructionist school of thought. The idea under-pinning this approach is understanding how knowledge has an unfolding transformative potential and, how the images and ideas we hold of ourselves as knowledge-workers has fundamental impact on how our knowing unfolds in the group. The underlying assumption is the belief that we do make and shape our understanding of the world and have the ability to do so anew. 

Outcome

1. We are 40 groups, three individuals each. In digital space, called the Fishbowl, “we showed ourselves to ourselves” (5). Every individual played an active role when interpreting the subject matter. As active agents (6), we selected symbols and framed interpretations in 10+1 steps from our own standpoint. Both engagement and expression became performances, that is, “interpretive events.” 

2. Organizations have learnt that chasing numbers does not translate into productivity and that linear thinking is archaic. Clearly, functioning effectively as a team is far more valuable than any individual achievement. Our paper makes a difference by restructuring the experience away from individual fact acquisition towards team-building experiences.

3. We see our understanding of the subject matter not as radically new but as recognizing kinship within the group, as well as differences between groups.

References

1. Bartlett and Ghoshal, “Managing Across Borders,” (1989).

2. Howard Rheingold, “Net Smart,” (2014)

3. Mark Allen Peterson, “Anthropology and Mass Communication,” (2005).

4. William O. Beeman, “Culture, Performance and Communication in Iran,” (1982).

5. Clifford Geertz, “The Interpretation of Cultures,” (1973).

6. John Dewey, “How We Think,” (1933).

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/21/2019 15:33:16
Subject: take a break, then The Return of the Jedi
------------------------------------------------------------
Take a break, then The Return...

Engagement and Expressiveness: Constructing Meaningful Knowledge-Content

Introduction

We are 120 undergraduates in the College of Business at the University of Rhode Island. In groups of three, we set out to understand the meaning of Complex Adaptive Systems over a period of two weeks in digital space, we called The Fishbowl. We found that when constructing meaningful knowledge-content, our effectiveness increased whenever we “engaged” with text and “expressed” our reflections to each other. As knowledge-workers constructing meaning, our underlying purpose was to add value to the group’s knowing of the subject matter. In sequential steps, our paper presents one group’s journey into their understanding of Complex Adaptive Systems and, constructing meaning for themselves around it. 

1. We define ‘engagement’ as “conveying interaction with text outside the group to each other inside the group.” This has two complementary components: we used the world outside the group as a resource for learning and, we used this information to make a positive impact inside the group. 

2. We define ‘expressiveness’ as “the public display of symbols or enactment of symbolic action for performative effect.” (William O. Beeman, 1982: xiii). 

Methodology

1. We present 10+1 steps as a way of linking theory and practice so that knowledge can be action based and derived from practice in the real world as opposed to being generated through abstract survey methods. 

2. Our method is best described as sorting, sifting and selecting from word-pools to create and construct understandings about the subject matter.

3. Our method is one of abstracting, framing and interpreting text in a social situation; the Fishbowl. 

3. Our approach to understanding the subject matter belongs to the social-constructionist school of thought. The idea under-pinning this approach is understanding how knowledge has an unfolding transformative potential and, how the images and ideas we hold of ourselves as knowledge-workers has fundamental impact on how our knowing unfolds in the group. The underlying assumption is the belief that we do make and shape our understanding of the world and have the ability to do so anew. 

Conclusion

1. We are 40 groups, three individuals each. In digital space, called the Fishbowl, “we showed ourselves to ourselves” (Cliff Geertz) when understanding the concept, Complex Adaptive Systems. Every individual played an active role when interpreting the subject matter. As active agents, we selected symbols and framed interpretations in 10+1 steps from our own standpoint. Both engagement and expression became performances, that is, “interpretive events.” 

2. Organizations have learnt that chasing numbers does not translate into productivity and that linear thinking is archaic. Clearly, functioning effectively as a team is far more valuable than any individual achievement. Our paper makes a difference by restructuring the experience away from individual fact acquisition towards team-building experiences.

3. We see our understanding of the subject matter not as radically new but as recognizing kinship within the group, as well as differences between groups.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/21/2019 15:32:21
Subject: take a break, then The Return of the Jedi
------------------------------------------------------------
Take a break, then The Return...

Engagement and Expressiveness: Constructing Meaningful Knowledge-Content

Introduction

We are 120 undergraduates in the College of Business at the University of Rhode Island. In groups of three, we set out to understand the meaning of Complex Adaptive Systems over a period of two weeks in digital space, we called The Fishbowl. We found that when constructing meaningful knowledge-content, our effectiveness increased whenever we “engaged” with text and “expressed” our reflections to each other. As knowledge-workers constructing meaning, our underlying purpose was to add value to the group’s knowing of the subject matter. In sequential steps, our paper presents one group’s journey into their understanding of Complex Adaptive Systems and, constructing meaning for themselves around it. 

1. We define ‘engagement’ as “conveying interaction with text outside the group to each other inside the group.” This has two complementary components: we used the world outside the group as a resource for learning and, we used this information to make a positive impact inside the group. 

2. We define ‘expressiveness’ as “the public display of symbols or enactment of symbolic action for performative effect.” (William O. Beeman, 1982: xiii). 

Methodology

1. We present 10+1 steps as a way of linking theory and practice so that knowledge can be action based and derived from practice in the real world as opposed to being generated through abstract survey methods. 

2. Our method is best described as sorting, sifting and selecting from word-pools to create and construct understandings about the subject matter.

3. Our method is one of abstracting, framing and interpreting text in a social situation; the Fishbowl. 

3. Our approach to understanding the subject matter belongs to the social-constructionist school of thought. The idea under-pinning this approach is understanding how knowledge has an unfolding transformative potential and, how the images and ideas we hold of ourselves as knowledge-workers has fundamental impact on how our knowing unfolds in the group. The underlying assumption is the belief that we do make and shape our understanding of the world and have the ability to do so anew. 

Conclusion

1. We are 40 groups, three individuals each. In digital space, called the Fishbowl, “we showed ourselves to ourselves” (Cliff Geertz) when understanding the concept, Complex Adaptive Systems. Every individual played an active role when interpreting the subject matter. As active agents, we selected symbols and framed interpretations in 10+1 steps from our own standpoint. Both engagement and expression became performances, that is, “interpretive events.” 

2. Organizations have learnt that chasing numbers does not translate into productivity and that linear thinking is archaic. Clearly, functioning effectively as a team is far more valuable than any individual achievement. Our paper makes a difference by restructuring the experience away from individual fact acquisition towards team-building experiences.

3. We see our understanding of the subject matter not as radically new but as recognizing kinship within the group, as well as differences between groups.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/21/2019 13:40:23
Subject: this morning thus far
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

This semester, we proceeded sentence by sentence, bit by bit and step by step, one word at a time.

We stepped into the unknown, and we survived.

The outcome is yet to be determined, but it will be thoroughly described by us, and then vetted in the global arena.

Please see this morning’s opening paragraph below.

Our work in progress, and the clock is ticking...

Sanjiv

Att/

Engagement and Expressiveness: Constructing Meaningful Knowledge-Content

Introduction

We are 135 undergraduates in the College of Business at the University of Rhode Island. In groups of three, we set out to understand the meaning of Complex Adaptive Systems over a period of two weeks. We found that when constructing meaningful knowledge-content, our effectiveness increased whenever we “engaged” with text and “expressed” our reflections to each other. As knowledge-workers constructing meaning, our underlying purpose was to add value to the group’s knowing of the subject matter. In 10+ 1 steps, our paper presents one group’s journey into their understanding of Complex Adaptive Systems and, constructing meaning for themselves around it. 

1. In out paper, we define ‘engagement’ as “conveying interaction with text outside the group to each other inside the group.” This has two complementary components: we used the world outside the group as a resource for learning and, we used this information to make a positive impact inside the group. 

2. We define ‘expressiveness’ as “the public display of symbols or enactment of symbolic action for performative effect.” (William O. Beeman, 1982: xiii). 

Methodology

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/21/2019 13:38:16
Subject: this morning thus far
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

This semester, we proceeded sentence by sentence, bit by bit and step by step, one word at a time.

We stepped into the unknown, and we survived.

The outcome is yet to be determined, but it will be thoroughly described by us, and then vetted in the global arena.

Please see this morning’s opening paragraph below.

Our work in progress, and the clock is ticking...

Sanjiv

Att/

Engagement and Expressiveness: Constructing Meaningful Knowledge-Content

Introduction

We are 135 undergraduates in the College of Business at the University of Rhode Island. In groups of three, we set out to understand the meaning of Complex Adaptive Systems over a period of two weeks. We found that when constructing meaningful knowledge-content, our effectiveness increased whenever we “engaged” with text and “expressed” our reflections to each other. As knowledge-workers constructing meaning, our underlying purpose was to add value to the group’s knowing of the subject matter. In 10+ 1 steps, our paper presents one group’s journey into their understanding of Complex Adaptive Systems and, constructing meaning for themselves around it. 

1. In out paper, we define ‘engagement’ as “conveying interaction with text outside the group to each other inside the group.” This has two complementary components: we used the world outside the group as a resource for learning and, we used this information to make a positive impact inside the group. 

2. We define ‘expressiveness’ as “the public display of symbols or enactment of symbolic action for performative effect.” (William O. Beeman, 1982: xiii). 

Methodology

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/21/2019 0:10:57
Subject: final design models due 12/4
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Individually, you are selecting 15 words from 16 sentence structures that you made in your groups.

Your individual model is going to be 3 words in 5 boxes = 15 words.

And, it will have 5 sentence structures, one for each box and made from the three words.

You will make a final group model after consulting each other as a group. This too will be the same: 5 boxes, 3 words in each box, and 5 sentence structures.

It will be a mixture of your individual models.

Your modeling in all its simplicity is an approach to understanding the social reality of your fishbowls and is an approach to change. This approach belongs to the social-constructionist school of thought (please google), please bear that in mind. It is under-pinned by the idea that your awareness and knowledge have an unfolding transformative potential and that the images and ideas you hold of yourselves and your world have a fundamental impact on how your realities unfold.

UNFOLDING TRANSFORMATIVE POTENTIAL...THAT IS HOW I SEE AND EXPERIENCE YOU.

Your final model is due on Dec. 4th. Enjoy the doing of it, as much as I enjoy viewing it, and don’t worry about getting it right because you’d be barking up the wrong tree, metaphorically speaking. I loved your hard copies. Thank you and good luck with it.

Sanjiv

MODEL, MODELING, SOCIAL, REALITY, CHANGE, CONSTRUCT

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/20/2019 12:32:38
Subject: symbiosis
------------------------------------------------------------
Good morning Everyone,

For class today, please come prepared to work in your groups and in your fishbowls. Please note the following four quotes by Mary Catherine Bateson (please google). You are asked to select two and begin working on them. At the same time, I will be working on our conference abstracts, particularly the second one. The deadline for submission is tomorrow mid-night. So I have until then. This morning I will spend reading your hardcopies and your fishbowls.

Looking at where we have arrived at this point in the semester: I trust the symbiotic relations among us will be apparent and keenly felt in class today. If this is not true for you, then you need to start over. There is time enough. I think what it takes is known as Active Learning among us. Please be sure to google that term.

The four sentences (projects) below are pretty intense. Select two. I think many of you are up for the challenge. I never underestimate you, and I remain conscious of your circumstances all the time.

(1) Sameness and difference are a matter of context and point of view, change and continuity often two sides of the same coin. 

(2) We can only make sense of the relationship between change and constancy by thinking of them in layers one flowing under or over or within the other, at different levels of abstraction: superficial change within profound continuity, and superficial continuity within profound change.

(3) The responsive eye enlivens the vista to which it responds; the play of imagination is one way of enriching and conserving the natural world.

(4) Lessons too complex to grasp in a single occurrence spiral past again and again, small examples gradually revealing greater and greater implications.

See you at 3.

Sanjiv

SYMBIOTIC

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/20/2019 0:41:36
Subject: it was good to see you again
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

It was 'good to see you again' after the HIATUS.

How so? 

There was much to be said about the diversity of perceptions all around in the classroom.

How so?

By placing our postings in pubic space like our fishbowls, we have been sharing text that evoked images in the viewers’ minds, creating inter-subjective spaces.

Text that evokes images?

How so?

Every word evokes an image along with an attitude, a feeling.

How so?

Images that the word evokes are culturally determined.

How so? 

Layers of meaning, accumulated over years. Sanjiv is a Cowboy!

Doesn’t fit.

How so?

Sitting in the midst of our complexity, aware of every individual’s unique perception and potential is the reason it is 'good to see you again.’

It is not just what we are saying in our fishbowls, it is also how we are saying it and, what we are doing: we are creating inter-subjective spaces among us;

creating societies. We're unique, we’re diverse, we're innovative, we're emergent, we're nascent, we're developing, we're growing; and, we’re of value, of potential, of opportunity. 

Sanjiv

LAYER, EVOKE, DIVERSE, IMAGE, INTER-SUBJECTIVE, SPACE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/9/2019 13:47:44
Subject: please fact-check your virtual products in your fishbowls
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

This coming week, I'm going to tune (motivate) myself for writing the Abstracts. This email is the start of the process: where and when I declared my intentions. 

We’re going online next week. No scheduled class. During the week, I will be sharing the evolution, the emergence, the appearance of the Abstracts. Every change, every sentence, every possibility will be sent to you for scrutiny. Right now, I’m fuzzy about the topics. One was on friendship, and the other one? I have to open the files. 

The Abstracts will evolve, morph and become something else. Let me put it another way. Our product is virtual, and it is perceived in a visual culture. The product is self-generated and sustainable. The product is symbolically interactive, where we're looking at each other. The Abstracts are self-reflexive (looking at oneself) and, the product is built upon participation and observation.

Next week, please fact-check the above in your fishbowls. Your A is at stake. 

The way you fact-check is by pointing, by citing, by showing, by admitting where and when it happened. 

Fact-checking is known as "investigative journalism.” Please google the term.

In digital space we produce investigative reports where symbolic interaction, self-reflection, participation and observation are key. 

Any thing outside this, is part of “instrumentality.” Please google the term.

Sanjiv

ABSTRACT, EVOLUTION, EMERGENCE, APPEARANCE

Brower Hatcher, Mid-Ocean Studios, Marly Rogers, Artist, Anna Shapiro, Artist, Savvy Writing Studio, Mike Troiano’ Film Studio, RL Architecture & Design Studio.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/9/2019 13:47:03
Subject: please fact-check your virtual products in your fishbowls
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

This coming week, I'm going to tune (motivate) myself for writing the Abstracts. This email is the start of the process: where and when I declared my intentions. 

We’re going online next week. No scheduled class. During the week, I will be sharing the evolution, the emergence, the appearance of the Abstracts. Every change, every sentence, every possibility will be sent to you for scrutiny. Right now, I’m fuzzy about the topics. One was on friendship, and the other one? I have to open the files. 

The Abstracts will evolve, morph and become something else. Let me put it another way. Our product is virtual, and it is perceived in a visual culture. The product is self-generated and sustainable. The product is symbolically interactive, where we're looking at each other. The Abstracts are self-reflexive (looking at oneself) and, the product is built upon participation and observation.

Next week, please fact-check the above in your fishbowls. Your A is at stake. 

The way you fact-check is by pointing, by citing, by showing, by admitting where and when it happened. 

Fact-checking is known as "investigative journalism.” Please google the term.

In digital space we produce investigative reports where symbolic interaction, self-reflection, participation and observation are key. 

Any thing outside this, is part of “instrumentality.” Please google the term.

Sanjiv

ABSTRACT, EVOLUTION, EMERGENCE, APPEARANCE

Brower Hatcher, Mid-Ocean Studios, Marly Rogers, Artist, Anna Shapiro, Artist, Savvy Writing Studio, Mike Troiano’ Film Studio, RL Architecture & Design Studio.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/8/2019 19:54:36
Subject: cybernetics and your fishbowls
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

"The new is terrifying. Not because it is this way and not another way, but because it is new.” Vilem Flusser, please google.

Your fishbowls are something new. They are your creations and they take on complex forms. “Complex,” in the instance of your fishbowl signifies that there is no substantial reason for differentiating between the 10+1 algorithm and yourself, the user. The 10+1 algorithm functions only in terms of the function of the user, and the user functions only in terms of the function of the 10+1 algorithm. Both exist only through their relationship to each other. Each makes the other’s existence possible, and each defines the other.

That is to say, in your fishbowls, it is not only what you are doing, it is what is happening and, what is becoming you and your fishbowl.

How did you make this happen? By grasping things as structure, multidimensional, pictorial. Please confirm. You are never linear nor reproduce a textbook. Instead, you are reflecting about structures and processes in a phenomenological manner. You are seeing how a structure can be changed, from the outside, from below, from above. Fundamentally, your fishbowl is an attempt to codify the world in such a manner that it can be described cybernetically, in all of its inexplicable complexity and, is thus given meaning.

I hope you can see this about your fishbowls. Your fishbowl is a piece of art and a never ending work-in-process. Until the bell rings. Congratulations!

Sanjiv

COMPLEX, CYBERNETICS (Please wiki), CODIFY, PHENOMENOLOGY

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/8/2019 19:52:34
Subject: cybernetics and your fishbowls
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

"The new is terrifying. Not because it is this way and not another way, but because it is new.” Vilem Flusser, please google.

Your fishbowls are something new. They are your creations and they take on complex forms. “Complex,” in the instance of your fishbowl signifies that there is no substantial reason for differentiating between the 10+1 algorithm and yourself, the user. The 10+1 algorithm functions only in terms of the function of the user, and the user functions only in terms of the function of the 10+1 algorithm. Both exist only through their relationship to each other. Each makes the other’s existence possible, and each defines the other.

That is to say, in your fishbowls, it is not only what you are doing, it is what is happening and, what is becoming you and your fishbowl.

How did you make this happen? By grasping things as structure, multidimensional, pictorial. Please confirm. You are never linear nor reproduce a textbook. Instead, you are reflecting about structures and processes in a phenomenological manner. You are seeing how a structure can be changed, from the outside, from below, from above. Fundamentally, your fishbowl is an attempt to codify the world in such a manner that it can be described cybernetically, in all of its inexplicable complexity and, is thus given meaning.

I hope you can see this about your fishbowls. Your fishbowl is a piece of art and a never ending work-in-process. Until the bell rings. Congratulations!

Sanjiv

COMPLEX, CYBERNETICS (Please wiki), CODIFY, PHENOMENOLOGY

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/8/2019 0:35:21
Subject: constructing social memories (345)
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Your learning (10+1) is a synthesis. 

In the light of digital technologies, like your fishbowls, your synthesis (10+1) is a constructed social memory.

Please think about that. 

You have understood synthesis in the Kantian sense of “putting together different representations and grasping what is manifold in one [act of knowledge].”

What Synthesis demands from you is the active unification of parts (10+1) in contrast to an unconscious or mechanical repetition. 

To remember something (like your anecdote) is always a reconstruction in which the fragmented past and the projected future are brought into the present.

Your learning in the fishbowl synthesizes the past, present and future and constructs a social memory among you. 

Paulo Freire (please google) called it “creating history as possibility.”

Congratulations! You are in the nascent stage of ‘becoming’ (Deleuze) something else. Please think of a business, or an organization, or a group like your fishbowl in these terms.

Sanjiv

SYNTHESIS, SOCIAL, MEMORY, FRAGMENT, MANIFOLD, UNIFICATION, CONSTRUCT, NASCENT

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/7/2019 22:05:24
Subject: recounting anecdotes and honoring lived experiences
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

You are experimenting with your writing. You recount an anecdote and then attempt to “read” that account for the theoretical insights it affords. You are doing this upside down. You are starting with a theoretical and abstract statement and then “fitting" the anecdote, thereby constructing a meaningful reality; a vignette, an episode, an event. A story line.

Your anecdotes become “interesting” precisely for their ability to intervene in contemporary theoretical debates. “Anecdote” and “theory” carry diametrically opposed connotations: humorous vs. serious, short vs. grand, trivial vs. overarching, specific vs. general. Your fishbowls cut through these oppositions and produces theory which honors the details of your lived experience. The key word here is honors. You honor your lived experiences.

Please think about it.

Sanjiv

ANECDOTE, THEORIZING, RECOUNT, HONOR, EXPERIENCE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/7/2019 22:04:56
Subject: recounting anecdotes and honoring lived experiences
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

You are experimenting with your writing. You recount an anecdote and then attempt to “read” that account for the theoretical insights it affords. You are doing this upside down. You are starting with a theoretical and abstract statement and then “fitting" the anecdote, thereby constructing a meaningful reality; a vignette, an episode, an event. A story line.

Your anecdotes become “interesting” precisely for their ability to intervene in contemporary theoretical debates. “Anecdote” and “theory” carry diametrically opposed connotations: humorous vs. serious, short vs. grand, trivial vs. overarching, specific vs. general. Your fishbowls cut through these oppositions and produces theory which honors the details of your lived experience. The key word here is honors. You honor your lived experiences.

Please think about it.

Sanjiv

ANECDOTE, THEORIZING, RECOUNT, HONOR, EXPERIENCE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/7/2019 15:22:53
Subject: Reorienting One's Vision: The Return
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

By finishing the first exercise of 10+1, the best comment that I can make is “always return to the site.” It is to the look that you are returning. When you don’t do that, you are avoiding deep learning. By this avoidance, you are turning away from the world and this is definitionally a visual event. This is an important point to be aware of. I didn’t cook it up.

It is a visual event whenever we return to look. Why must we return? What if we don’t? What are we gaining-losing by returning and taking a look again?

By returning, you are reorienting, --- or more precisely, the disorientation --- of vision. Let me put it in another way, since you have begun abstracting in your fishbowls: “To abandon the domain of phenomenal forms is quite simply, to lose one’s sight.”

Please fact check in your fishbowls. Particularly as human resource designers. It is a process of looking and reorienting your vision. And every time it is an “event.”

And this is the journey, the trajectory, the narrative, the story of our lives.

Sanjiv

LOOK, VISION, SIGHT, RETURN, SITE, REORIENT, EVENT, PHENOMENAL, FORM, DOMAIN

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/7/2019 15:22:07
Subject: Reorienting One's Vision: The Return
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

By finishing the first exercise of 10+1, the best comment that I can make is “always return to the site.” It is to the look that you are returning. When you don’t do that, you are avoiding deep learning. By this avoidance, you are turning away from the world and this is definitionally a visual event. This is an important point to be aware of. I didn’t cook it up.

It is a visual event whenever we return to look. Why must we return? What if we don’t? What are we gaining-losing by returning and taking a look again?

By returning, you are reorienting, --- or more precisely, the disorientation --- of vision. Let me put it in another way, since you have begun abstracting in your fishbowls: “To abandon the domain of phenomenal forms is quite simply, to lose one’s sight.”

Please fact check in your fishbowls. Particularly as human resource designers. It is a process of looking and reorienting your vision. And every time it is an “event.”

And this is the journey, the trajectory, the narrative, the story of our lives.

Sanjiv

LOOK, VISION, SIGHT, RETURN, SITE, REORIENT, EVENT, PHENOMENAL, FORM, DOMAIN

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/6/2019 16:08:32
Subject: storm as metaphor for your creative process
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

To create means to make, to produce, or cause to grow. In other words, when something is created, it comes into existence. This means it is something new. You are to create a design, and the light is not yet visible at the end of the tunnel. Right now, for the next three weeks you are creating a storm of ideas which are gathering direction, force, and intention from your particular situation. It is dynamic: it starts, stops, rages in one moment and abates the next, ebbs and flows. These are all characteristics of a storm (metaphor). Storms arise out of disturbance, and act to displace and destabilize. Same as you are doing.

Like a storm, your creative process is continuously in motion. Both are shaped by their conditions, just as their conditions shape them. They take in from their situations, producing and depleting again and again. The consequences of a storm and creativity are real, and specific. They are found in the exchange that happens between the world, creator, and those with whom the creation interacts. This may be the viewer of your work, recipient of an idea, patient receiving the novel treatment, dweller in the built house, user of an artifact, and so on. Creation is, in this respect, truly “in the (mind’s) eyes of the beholder,” and principal consequence of the process is transformation.

Sanjiv

CREATIVE, PROCESS, TRANSFORMATION

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/6/2019 15:13:35
Subject: widening your range of caring
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I just finished reading your papers. I had a mental conversation with 135 individuals, and all the while you were having another conversation with each other.

Eyes looking at Eyes. Projecting text and image; taking positions and striking attitudes.

That’s what I see you doing: By taking charge through carefully thought-out acts, you widened your range of caring.

45 groups researching the topic at hand.

45 teams on a mission.

45 societies under the same umbrella (metaphor).

135 singular beings forming the multitude.

See you in bit.

Sanjiv

CONVERSATION, POSITION, WIDEN, RANGE, CARE

C: 345

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/6/2019 0:15:02
Subject: further reflection on your performance
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Your fishbowl is unfolding the way others write their autobiographies. It is singular. The postings in your fishbowl, completed or not, are pages of your group’s diary, and as such they are valid. Both individually and as a group, you depict yourself continuously, and from the very beginning. In all our complexity and mysteriousness, we carry our self-depictions as shadows and silhouettes. Our penumbras; the halo surrounding each of us.

Please consider your work as being self-representational. Your choices, dichotomies and structures, your symbols, your selections, sorting and sifting, are representational of the self in you; spontaneous, sub-conscious, self.

Your group’s future will choose the pages it prefers.

The composition of your fishbowl is well suited to the concept of the self-portrait. However, the complexity of self in your fishbowl is difficult to define. Self-portraits seldom have linear structures. Your fishbowls reveal the complexity of the problems and issues confronting us today.

At any given moment of making a selection, the ’self’ dissolves, giving way to self-representation; to the word. And so you learnt to choose your words carefully. I commend you for that.

Sanjiv

COMPOSITION, SELF, REPRESENTATION, PORTRAIT, DEPICT, PENUMBRA, HALO, SHADOW, SILHOUETTE

C: 443

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/4/2019 13:01:23
Subject: forming theory with anecdotal evidence
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

This morning I am immersed in your papers in 443: Design, and thinking about metaphors all day. It is important to know about metaphor. We all operate under our own metaphors. I’m definitely a Dawg, and my doctoral student Matt in the 1990s was definitely a Cat. A tricky combination of metaphors to work together, but we pulled it off.

As I read your papers, I mostly have to remind you in my comments, not to talk theory (but to develop it). Too much theorizing going around by everyone. It is my job to do that. You are NOT learning to sound like Sanjiv Theorizing At You. You are learning to sound like Yourselves. How does one do that? How do you sound like the Self? How do you abstract and, how do you create your own theory?

You do so by deconstructing text, that is, deconstructing prior theory; deconstructing Sanjiv’s letters, and everything that comes across your screen.

Deconstruction, between you and me, is opening the dictionary and going on a journey whose trajectory and narrative is determined by you alone. When we make this a regular practice, we determine and create our own futures. When you select your word, the outcome is what you wanted. Guaranteed.

When it is all said and done, the question remains: did you live up to your word? Did you redeem yourself? We each have to give an account (anecdotal evidence) of ourselves at the end of the semester.

We are forming theory with anecdotal evidence. That is what our papers for the conference and for the class are about. We are the World!

Sanjiv

ANECDOTAL THEORY (Please google along with Jane Gallop)

C: BUS345

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 11/3/2019 20:20:11
Subject: Reflecting a New Society
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I’ve read your hard copies in the society course (345) on Integrated Networking Structures. Congratulations, you did it! You got the idea, the picture, the hang of it, the reason for it, and the sense-making of it. Your fishbowl. You experienced the following, participant-observation, social constructivism, self and social reflexivity, symbolic interaction and auto-ethnography.

Next, you are developing an understanding of Complex Adaptive Systems and then, Dynamic Decision-making and lastly, Unique Innovative Capabilities. These are characteristics of global businesses, and they reflect a new society. 

In your fishbowls, you have developed a flow of information, which is a network shaped by an algorithm (10+1) and, continually accessible on your screens.

The result is a visual reality, a ‘way of seeing’ and being in the world. Please fact check and verify for yourselves. This is the new society.

From page 2 of the syllabus:

A ‘way of seeing’ is the key manifestation of “the network society” according to Castells. The underlying question being: what is your ‘way of seeing’ your world? What is the visual reality of your network society in your fishbowl? In the Fishbowl, you are developing networks and visual realties characterized by the instantaneous flow of word-images. Your networks reflect distinctive realities that are ‘individuations’ outside any rules or regulations.

Please be sure to see and relate all this in your fishbowls. By the end of it, you will have developed social relations (forms of relatedness) that are manifestations of your network and flow of information. Your fishbowls reveal how you created, got, used, and distributed digital information among yourselves. 

Good time to revisit your syllabus.

Sanjiv

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/28/2019 12:16:11
Subject: self-driven agenda
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

This Tuesday and Wednesday, you’re giving me hard copies, which I'll return with hand written feed-back. After that, you're on your own with each other (with regards to the 10+1 steps and your grades). 

During the same time, upon reading your papers and responding to them, I will complete two abstracts for the conference. 

What underlies our self-driven agenda and forward movement is the simple fact that we learn from each other. (Please google "learning organization” by Peter Senge). 

Three Men in a Boat is a famous 1889 poem by Jerome K. Jerome. Please google, because we might consider it as a metaphor for our Abstract on Friendship.

Sanjiv

ps: Last evening I was reading J. M. Coetzee (please google) and I realized that every woman I’ve been close to in my life has taught me something about myself. To that extent I’m a better person.

AGENDA

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/28/2019 12:14:16
Subject: self-driven agenda
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

This Tuesday and Wednesday, you’re giving me hard copies, which I'll return with hand written feed-back. After that, you're on your own with each other (with regards to the 10+1 steps and your grades). 

During the same time, upon reading your papers and responding to them, I will complete two abstracts for the conference. 

What underlies our self-driven agenda and forward movement is the simple fact that we learn from each other. (Please google "learning organization” by Peter Senge). 

Three Men in a Boat is a famous 1889 poem by Jerome K. Jerome. Please google, because we might consider it as a metaphor for our Abstract on Friendship.

Sanjiv

ps: Last evening I was reading J. M. Coetzee (please google) and I realized that every woman I’ve been close to in my life has taught me something about myself. To that extent I’m a better person.

AGENDA

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/27/2019 13:46:12
Subject: your fishbowl is your youtube channel
------------------------------------------------------------
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLsMZSM6sowrwk0F5-0v-hw?dclid=&gclid=Cj0KCQjwgNXtBRC6ARIsAIPP7Rs5EuvHMsX2qw8Ky4e0So9wNG01zlGJ2xKW3lTPZvxSOxTO0tt_NlEaApYfEALw_wcB

Hi Everyone,

I wanted to share the above youtube channel of Subban. Like the Water Fire in Providence, it is bound to succeed. How so? Mr. P.K. Subban got the theory under his belt, and is putting his knowledge into practice. There is a risk as to whether it will fly. I think he will succeed because he developed his constructed theory underlying his actions.

In the global market, we are singular and the multitude. Like Subban’s youtube channel, your fishbowl is a phenomenon. 

Saying it another way: we’re all, each and every one of us, "footnotes in the center of the page.”

Good luck to P.K. Subban.

Sanjiv

SINGULAR, MULTITUDE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/27/2019 13:43:01
Subject: your fishbowl is your youtube channel
------------------------------------------------------------
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLsMZSM6sowrwk0F5-0v-hw?dclid=&gclid=Cj0KCQjwgNXtBRC6ARIsAIPP7Rs5EuvHMsX2qw8Ky4e0So9wNG01zlGJ2xKW3lTPZvxSOxTO0tt_NlEaApYfEALw_wcB

Hi Everyone,

I wanted to share the above youtube channel of Subban. Like the Water Fire in Providence, it is bound to succeed. How so? Mr. P.K. Subban got the theory under his belt, and is putting his knowledge into practice. There is a risk as to whether it will fly. I think he will succeed because he developed his constructed theory underlying his actions.

In the global market, we are singular and the multitude. Like Subban’s youtube channel, your fishbowl is a phenomenon. 

Saying it another way: we’re all, each and every one of us, "footnotes in the center of the page.”

Good luck to P.K. Subban.

Sanjiv

SINGULAR, MULTITUDE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/27/2019 12:19:32
Subject: the nature of metaphor
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I am a Dawg. I think you are a Fox. I also see some Parrots and a couple of Hummingbirds.

I think the Fishbowl is a Catwalk on Easy street. I think some of you see it as a Play Pen.

I feel you are like Mushrooms, but mostly like Rhizomes.

Please consider your algorithm, "Fishbowl 10+1” steps, as constructing metaphor. How so?

Every time you select a word, (a perceptual category, constructing a dichotomy or creating a structure) it is a metaphor.

Your selected word is a metaphor. It is a concept. It is a symbol. This word has an image and evokes a feeling. A feeling is a response, a reaction to a word. Please fact check from your group interaction/selection in the fishbowl.

Your selected word (metaphor) works by playing on a pattern of similarity and difference. Sanjiv is a Dawg! By using the word Dawg, you are seeking similarities while downplaying the differences. It involves the generation of a “constructive falsehood” that helps to break the bounds of normal discourse. Your selection plays a crucial role in creating space for change when you do your 10+1 steps.

Sanjiv

RHIZOME (please google as well), GENERATE, CHANGE, DISCOURSE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/26/2019 19:40:37
Subject: reader response theory
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Whenever you share your perceptual category (step 5), you are in fact doing a “critical” viewing of the author’s text and “disclosing” it. 

You are taking ownership of your perceptual category by disclosing it.

In a digital environment, you are the audience and it is your response, your disclosure that constitutes the market.

Please see the definition of Reader-Response Criticism below. One of the names associated with this theory is Stanley Fish who was from Providence, RI.

Sanjiv

DISCLOSE, OWN

https://courses.lumenlearning.com/introliterature/chapter/reader-response-criticism-suggested-replacement/

Reader-Response Criticism In Brief

Reader-response criticism is a school of literary theory that focuses on the reader (or “audience”) and their experience of a literary work, in contrast to other schools and theories that focus attention primarily on the author or the content and form of the work.

Person reading behind a building columnAlthough literary theory has long paid some attention to the reader’s role in creating the meaning and experience of a literary work, modern reader-response criticism began in the 1960s and ’70s, particularly in the US and Germany, in work by Norman Holland, Stanley Fish, Wolfgang Iser, Hans-Robert Jauss, Roland Barthes, and others.

Reader-response theory recognizes the reader as an active agent who imparts “real existence” to the work and completes its meaning through interpretation. Reader-response criticism argues that literature should be viewed as a performing art in which each reader creates their own, possibly unique, text-related performance. It stands in total opposition to the theories of formalism and the New Criticism.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/26/2019 19:39:59
Subject: reader response theory
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Whenever you share your perceptual category (step 5), you are in fact doing a “critical” viewing of the author’s text and “disclosing” it. 

You are taking ownership of your perceptual category by disclosing it.

In a digital environment, you are the audience and it is your response, your disclosure that constitutes the market.

Please see the definition of Reader-Response Criticism below. One of the names associated with this theory is Stanley Fish who was from Providence, RI.

Sanjiv

DISCLOSE, OWN

https://courses.lumenlearning.com/introliterature/chapter/reader-response-criticism-suggested-replacement/

Reader-Response Criticism In Brief

Reader-response criticism is a school of literary theory that focuses on the reader (or “audience”) and their experience of a literary work, in contrast to other schools and theories that focus attention primarily on the author or the content and form of the work.

Although literary theory has long paid some attention to the reader’s role in creating the meaning and experience of a literary work, modern reader-response criticism began in the 1960s and ’70s, particularly in the US and Germany, in work by Norman Holland, Stanley Fish, Wolfgang Iser, Hans-Robert Jauss, Roland Barthes, and others.

Reader-response theory recognizes the reader as an active agent who imparts “real existence” to the work and completes its meaning through interpretation. Reader-response criticism argues that literature should be viewed as a performing art in which each reader creates their own, possibly unique, text-related performance. It stands in total opposition to the theories of formalism and the New Criticism.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/26/2019 17:53:18
Subject: what is your metaphor?
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone (BUS443),

Upon reading Olczak, Osmanski and Rask’ paper, (reproduced below from Business in Society 2), which they call Fishbowl 10+1,... I get the following insight with regard to the concept we’re considering in the Design class (443), viz., Metaphor.

To see things as metaphors is vital in trying to unlock new understanding or a new sense of identity, because one cannot create the new in terms of the old.

How does one see things as metaphors?

How do you see each other’s text (structures and felt-experiences)?

What are your perceptual categories?

One word (as in step 5).

The aim of selecting these words, your perceptual categories (metaphors), is to disrupt normal ways of seeing so that people can ask constructive questions about what they are seeing and what they should do. Please verify your responses from the paper below.

This is Reader-response theory. Please google the term.

The use of metaphor is particularly powerful in step 5, because it creates distance and space from conventional ways of thinking: space in which people can feel free to think and act creatively. The opening structure in the paper below is Integrated Networking Structures. I think the authors did a great job and helps me in writing the abstract on metaphor. Several aspects of their process by which they generate and use metaphorical imagery seem particularly relevant for the conference on Education, Technology and Innovation.

Sanjiv

IMAGERY, RESPONSE

C; BUS 345

From the fishbowl...

Unread post by ISABELLAOLCZAK » Mon Oct 21, 2019 4:22 pm

Fishbowl 10+1

Opening: Integrated Networking Structures

Integrated: To make into a whole by bringing all parts together; unify

Networking: An openwork fabric or structure in which cords, threads, or wires cross at regular intervals

Structures: Something made up of a number of parts that are held or put together in a particular way

Word pool:

Isabella:

Integrated: Linked, connected, coordinated, unified, joined, merge, fuse, meshed, blended

Networking: Interconnected, channels, system, arrangement, organization, order, sequence, succession

Structures: Construction, form, formation, establish, start, begin, appear

Brynn:

Integrated: merge, unite, desegregate, join, agreement, embody, assimilate, incorporate

Networking: channels, resources, navigate, circulate, chain, group, system, social

Structures: construct, edifice, formation, arrangement, organize, taxonomy, configuration, binomial, precedence

Matt:

Integrated: unified, combined, interspersed, mingled, mixed, undivided, affiliated, linked, collective, common

Networking: chain, organization, grid, system, interconnection, arrangement, orderliness, coordination, scheme, configuration

Structure: framework, design, build, order, format, institution, assembly, composition, construction, formulation

Re-structuring:

Isabella:

Integrated: CONNECTING with others can lead to friendship (Thought process of what I might use: unified, connecting, or blended)

Networking: The ORDER in which things are accomplished matters (Thought process of what I might use: channels, system, order)

Structures: The START of knowledge building can be a daunting task (Thought process of what I might use: form, start, establish)

Brynn:

Integrated: Joining together as a UNITED front creates peace.

Networking: A group effort is the key to NAVIGATE success.

Structures: To CONSTRUCT a thought requires ideas.

Matt:

Integrated: COMBINED efforts lead to the best results.

Networking: INTERCONNECTION is the key to success in modern society.

Structure: FRAMEWORKS provide the foundation upon which all else is built.

Felt experience:

Isabella: I can remember how I felt when I received my first acceptance letter into college. The ORDER in which I got my acceptance was through a large blue letter in the mail. I was shocked, astounded and proud. I was ready to START my journey as a college student, increasing my knowledge and abilities one step at a time. I was excited to CONNECT with new people and make friends, but I was also scared. I would be going to school in Rhode Island, four hours from home. I would not see my family often and would have to figure things out on my own. I was hope full I would accomplish this, but of course still hesitant.

Brynn: I was 10 years old when my parents told me I was going to be having a new sibling and I was no longer the youngest in the family. I thought I was going to get left out and the new baby would create an imbalance in the family CONSTRUCT. When we found out they were giving birth to a girl I imagined myself being forgotten as the only girl in the family once the new baby came. My Nana called me 4 hours after her arrival and I was taken to the hospital to be UNITED with her for the first time. I'm walking down the hallway nervous with butterflies and underlying excitement. I see my dad and he is pushing my new sister, Rylie, in a little cart. I lean down and look into her big blue eyes and say, "I don't get it, she looks like an alien." He told me to be quiet and to not say that in front of my mom. What I learned is that change is inevitable and we must NAVIGATE through new and different challenges.

Matt: Throughout history, humans have achieved great success by working together. We COMBINE our efforts to achieve more than any of us could alone. On any given day, I might purchase food from a grocery store grown by a faraway farmer, or a new pair of shoes manufactured overseas. Individually, I lack the skills, time and resources to produce these goods, but through our INTERCONNECTED society I have access to them. This FRAMEWORK of INTERCONNECTION is one we continue to live by, and it has become increasingly important with the advent of the Information Age and the knowledge economy.

1/2/3 : 1/2/3 : 1/2/3

Isabella

Myself→ Hesitant

Brynn→ Imbalance

Matt→ Achieve

Matt

Myself→ Resources

Brynn→ Change

Isabella→ Journey

Brynn

Myself→ Inevitable

Matt→ Success

Isabella → Accomplish

Dichotomy: We chose: Accomplish / Hesitant

(thought process:

Inevitable / Imbalance

Success / imbalance

Journey / Hesitant

Accomplish / Hesitant )

Word Pool:

Two words →

Accomplish: Success, fulfill, achieve, execute, perpetrate, realize, reach, actualize, materialize, complete

Hesitant: Reluctant, tentative, ambivalent, skeptical, dubious, uncertain, doubtful, afraid, wary, disinclined

Re-Structure:

To achieve SUCCESS, one must balance SKEPTICISM and acceptance.

Felt Experience:

Isabella: Right now I am starting to apply to law school. All I can think about is SUCCESS at the end of the road, that is hopefully begin excepted. Of course there is SKEPTICISM in my head regarding if I will. The competition is overwhelming, the standardized test is challenging and the factors that determine my future are unknown. I have accepted if I do not receive entry to the place of my choice I will work a year in the finance industry to build my knowledge, then I will try again until I succeed.

Brynn: Living alone in NYC over the summer was nerve racking but also exhilarating. It

created a new type of independence in me that I enjoyed even though I was SKEPTICAL about my choice. I found myself walking around aimlessly through different boroughs to create new experiences. Being alone got me to SUCCESSFULLY take care of myself.

Matt: With graduation approaching, I am preparing to begin work in the field of public accounting. As an auditor, I must practice what is known as professional SKEPTICISM and always have a questioning mind. I will work as part of a team to SUCCESSFULLY enforce honest reporting and integrity. As a team member, I must also practice SKEPTICISM and question the ideas of my peers. By challenging one another, we will be able to find accurate solutions to the problems we face, especially when the answers are not initially obvious. Being overly SKEPTICAL can create issues in a team setting, however, by insinuating distrust. Therefore, in order for the team to achieve SUCCESS, I must remain open and accepting to the ideas of others, even when we have different approaches.

1/2/3 : 1/2/3 : 1/2/3

Isabella

Myself→ Overwhelming

Brynn→ Aimlessly

Matt→ Integrity

Matt

Myself→ Insinuate

Brynn→ Create

Isabella→ Unknown

Brynn

Myself→ Independence

Matt→ Accepting

Isabella → Challenging

Final paragraphs:

REALIZED: To comprehend completely or correctly

INSIGHT: The ability to discern the true nature of a situation, especially by intuition

Isabella: Words are an important part of our everyday lives. Through this activity, as a group we have been able to use words to evoke feelings, memories and intertwine ideas. This activity has helped me visualize the movement and connection of words and ideas we have. We built a “structure” in which our knowledge can flow to one another, integrating it into new concepts. This new found network has meaning.

Matt: Words are symbols that evoke feelings within us. We always associate emotions and images with text; it is an involuntary, natural reaction that occurs within us. Through this exercise, I was enlightened by the many associations I formed with the text. From the initial opening structure, my thoughts travelled in different directions as I created word pools and pulled from my own felt experiences to expand on and create new associations. My thoughts and emotions evolved throughout this exercise, and my understanding of the initial opening structure greatly expanded.

Brynn: Words are one of the great tools we humans use to communicate every minute of every day. It is something we all have in common and a constant medium in networking and socializing. This fishbowl activity I did with my group gave a new meaning to the attachment between words and feelings. Something I will take away from this is the importance of how certain words will connect with specific ideas and in turn expand one’s understanding of the topic or story being told.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/25/2019 20:57:28
Subject: science of networks
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

"In the quiet corridors of academia, a new science has been emerging---one that speaks directly to the momentous events going on around it. For want of a better term, we call this new science the “science of networks.” And unlike the physics of subatomic particles or the large-scale structure of the universe, the science of networks is the science of the real world---the world of people, friendships, rumors, disease, fads, firms, and financial crises." (Duncan J. Watts). Please google his name.

We are more highly, more globally and more unexpectedly connected than at any time before it. If this connected age is to be understood, we must first understand how to describe it scientifically; that is, we need a "science of networks." According to Watts, your fishbowl is a story about that science. Not THE story, but a fragment: a single group’s journey into a strange and beautiful land of text and images.

Every such story, every such fragment, will have a perspective, a point of view. Same as this email of mine to you. And if this does not read as logical or rational science from textbooks to you, then Watt reminds us in his book The Science of A Connected Age that science doesn’t work that way. Science occurs in the same messy ambiguous world that scientists struggle to clarify, and is done by real people who suffer the same kind of limitations and confusions as anybody else.

Looking forward to your integrated networking structures on Tuesday. I have Isabella Olczak, Matt Osmanski and Brynn Rask’s hard copy, and find it endlessly fascinating in its breadth and depth, as would anybody else.

Sanjiv

SCIENCE, NETWORK

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/24/2019 21:50:45
Subject: doing conversation
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

When designing a story (443) or constructing a reality (345), one can only talk from experience and from the point of view of your selected words.

Experience and selection (of words) unfold in conversation. Please google the word conversation

Please pause and reflect about it in your own life. And if you post it in the fishbowl, you will have archived and etched it on the landscape of our collective minds, forever.

Congratulations!

You have learnt to do the following;

Participate and observe

Self reflect

Perceive category

Construct structures from dichotomies

Tell stories (felt-experiences) 

Once again, for those in both courses:

345 is about Society, and you are presently working on Integrated Networking Structures. I have read the first and only group’s completed work and find it extraordinary and fantastic.

443 is about Design, and you are presently working on Metaphor.

Next week, I will comment on your hard copy once, to edge you in the right direction. A second time will be fudging, for you are to be the Author and I the Reader. You are the Teller and I am the Told. 

Be confident and full of mental vigor. I am behind you. STOP worrying about getting it right, your grade, or what is it that I want. JUST DO IT.

On another matter, you have to be friendly and chummy with group members. You’re not going to survive without each other. The course is not between you and me and I will keep reminding you of that. The course has learning goals and they can only be accomplished between the three of you. In the final analysis, the question is: did you get along? We are interested in successful stories in order to proclaim to the world that you did.

Sanjiv

EXPERIENCE, SELECTION, CONVERSATION, GOAL, PROCLAIM

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/24/2019 21:49:19
Subject: doing conversation
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

When designing a story (443) or constructing a reality (345), one can only talk from experience and from the point of view of your selected words.

Experience and selection (of words) unfold in conversation. Please google the word Conversation.

Please pause and reflect about it in your own life. And if you post it in the fishbowl, you will have archived and etched it on the landscape of our collective minds, forever.

Congratulations!

You have learnt to do the following;

Participate and observe

Self reflect

Perceive category

Construct structures from dichotomies

Tell stories (felt-experiences) 

Once again, for those in both courses:

345 is about Society, and you are presently working on Integrated Networking Structures. I have read the first and only group’s completed work and find it extraordinary and fantastic.

443 is about Design, and you are presently working on Metaphor.

Next week, I will comment on your hard copy once, to edge you in the right direction. A second time will be fudging, for you are to be the Author and I the Reader. You are the Teller and I am the Told. 

Be confident and full of mental vigor. I am behind you. STOP worrying about getting it right, your grade, or what is it that I want. JUST DO IT.

On another matter, you have to be friendly and chummy with group members. You’re not going to survive without each other. The course is not between you and me and I will keep reminding you of that. The course has learning goals and they can only be accomplished between the three of you. In the final analysis, the question is: did you get along? We are interested in successful stories in order to proclaim to the world that you did.

Sanjiv

EXPERIENCE, SELECTION, CONVERSATION, GOAL, PROCLAIM

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/24/2019 15:54:24
Subject: recapping methodology of the fishbowl
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

You are understanding Integrated Networking Structures in 345 and Metaphor in 443 by using the fishbowl algorithm of 10 steps. You’ll be smart to show me hard copy as a group.

From all accounts, a shift has occurred in our understanding of the meaning of “society” today. 

Understanding and experiencing this shift is essential, particularly, if you want to succeed in the workplace. 

This shift (in our understanding of society) fundamentally changes the way we think. That is, the ‘way' we make decisions has changed. 

This new way is broadly called "Design thinking."

There is a connection between society and design, and then there is culture. Three legs on this stool.

More specifically, you are structuring your learning experience (of integrated networks (345) and of metaphor (443)) by using the following methodologies:

A. You are participating and observing each other. Please google “participant observation."

B. You are socially constructing a (visual) reality among yourselves. Please google Social Construction of Reality. (Later we will get into visual reality) 

C. You are communicating symbolically. Please google Symbolic Interactionism.

In your fishbowls, whenever you select a word, you take action. By this selection, you are taking charge and your are forging your own path. You are the master of your destiny, i.e., master of your own outcome. And, when you do this, and then step back and observe, what word you chose and why, that is Action Research. Please google that term.

In a nutshell, you rock! There are no losers in this game.

Sanjiv

SHIFT, WAY, METHOD

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/24/2019 15:53:10
Subject: recapping methodology of the fishbowl
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

You are understanding Integrated Networking Structures in 345 and Metaphor in 443 by using the fishbowl algorithm of 10 steps. You’ll be smart to show me hard copy as a group.

From all accounts, a shift has occurred in our understanding of the meaning of “society” today. 

Understanding and experiencing this shift is essential, particularly, if you want to succeed in the workplace. 

This shift (in our understanding of society) fundamentally changes the way we think. That is, the ‘way' we make decisions has changed. 

This new way is broadly called "Design thinking."

There is a connection between society and design, and then there is culture. Three legs on this stool.

More specifically, you are structuring your learning experience (of integrated networks (345) and of metaphor (443)) by using the following methodologies:

A. You are participating and observing each other. Please google “participant observation."

B. You are socially constructing a (visual) reality among yourselves. Please google Social Construction of Reality. (Later we will get into visual reality) 

C. You are communicating symbolically. Please google Symbolic Interactionism.

In your fishbowls, whenever you select a word, you take action. By this selection, you are taking charge and your are forging your own path. You are the master of your destiny, i.e., master of your own outcome. And, when you do this, and then step back and observe, what word you chose and why, that is Action Research. Please google that term.

In a nutshell, you rock! There are no losers in this game.

Sanjiv

SHIFT, WAY, METHOD

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/23/2019 12:52:34
Subject: Just live!
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Please watch this movie clip called The Private Life is Dead (4mts)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozpct8zUA_U

As you watch the moving images in the clip, and as you read the text being spoken, please do the following:

 

1. Note the words that are evoked in you by the facial expressions (images).

2. Note the images that are evoked in you by the text.

After that, please take a look at your notings, and match them with personal, lived and experienced examples.

Keep the assignment short. Just a few (3-4) concepts/words/ideas/symbols with your personal life examples.

I love the last line: Just Live!

I hope you understand that you are being asked to just live in your fishbowls. It is the only way you’re going to survive.

Sanjiv

JUST, LIVE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/23/2019 12:51:52
Subject: Just live!
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Please watch this movie clip called The Private Life is Dead (4mts)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozpct8zUA_U

As you watch the moving images in the clip, and as you read the text being spoken, please do the following:

 

1. Note the words that are evoked in you by the facial expressions (images).

2. Note the images that are evoked in you by the text.

After that, please take a look at your notings, and match them with personal, lived and experienced examples.

Keep the assignment short. Just a few (3-4) concepts/words/ideas/symbols with your personal life examples.

I love the last line: Just Live!

I hope you understand that you are being asked to just live in your fishbowls. It is the only way you’re going to survive.

Sanjiv

JUST, LIVE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/22/2019 21:54:45
Subject: facing each other
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

If you are not engaging, interacting, collaborating and cooperating in your fishbowls, you are seriously behind. 

If you won’t be leaving digital footprints, you won’t be running with the wolves. 

In a few weeks, we’ll be gone ... without a trace into oblivion.

It is the future that is really at stake. For myself, it is the past that is being redeemed.

So here we are in the present: face to face. 

I’m attaching the original prototype of the fishbowl. How it all began twenty years ago ...

Sanjiv

TRACE, OBLIVION, PROTOTYPE

att/

		THE DEPTH

		OF AN EXAMINED RELATIONSHIP 

		

		IS MATCHED

		BY THE EXPANSE

		OF UNDERSTANDING AND FEELING:

Management Passion in the New Millennium

Presentation 

by matt & sanjiv, 

of matt & sanjiv, 

for matt & sanjiv.

 	 

 	Copyright, Letters To Matt, @dugal, 1999

Prologue

Midway, this way of life we’re bound upon

I woke to find myself in a dark wood,

Where the right road was wholly lost and gone.

Aye me, how hard to speak of it,

The rude and rough and stubborn forest,

The mere breath of memory stirs the old fear in the blood.

But when, at last, I stood beneath a steep hillside,

Which closed the valley’s wandering maze,

Whose dread had pierced me to the heart root deep.

Then I looked up and saw the morning rays

Mantle its shoulder from that planet bright

Which guides men’s feet aright

On all their ways.

		(from “Divina Commedia” by Dante Alighieri)

	

		 IN THE FISH-BOWL

Creating this fish-bowl is a performative act. It is a gesture for the continuation of a story... we’re writing as we go along… we do not know where it will lead, nor where it will end…but we know this for sure, it exists in our heads.

		

This is the story of two characters, matt and sanjiv, and the narrative unfolds in new england, at a small university near the ocean…where they’re swimming in a mental fish-bowl, combining Western sensibilities with Eastern ideas…in tryst with purpose, but shunning all direction, except an inner pressure to radicalize. One Viking, the other Sikh, they progress from liberating ego structures, through deeply bled wounds onto downward spirals of hatred and feelings of isolation, and then returning with renewed joy of understanding, forgiveness, and anticipation. Bringing a surging heritage (of bravery in battle) in their bloods, their forays range from existential arguments, to sudden affectionate détentes, and finally onto other arguments. Their relationship mirrors the profound changes in their lifestyles, in their conceptions of work, and of themselves. Determined to move away from conventional categories (of the division between self and other, of the representation of individuality, of established academic standards) in order to reflect a vision of themselves that transcends these boundaries in a new way. The two characters have an odd volatile nature to their wooing…their interactions end suddenly, and generally with puzzled amusement. They improvise, fabricate, and talk about dimensions and chemistry between people… at times their minds almost meet on the same page, until one makes a tiny faux pas that the other sees as shattering…they’re able to maintain this fragility by improvising from moment to moment. That is, they allow themselves to let their personalities and moods influence their performance but not alter the words or circumstances of the scene they enact in their minds…they really have very different ways of thinking, but are able to pass the ball back and forth easily, making for spontaneous fun.

So how do they do this in the fish-bowl? Like their characters, matt and sanjiv can’t agree. “The more I do it,” sanjiv said, “ the more I realize the character is me.” For matt, “it’s a matter of stripping down my defense mechanisms to being that vulnerable again.” Sanjiv countered: “I think for me it’s more building on top of me. I think.”

This interaction ended suddenly, as many interactions between matt and sanjiv, with puzzled bemusement.

Creating a Concept: the Fish-bowl

Instead of the idea of a relationship (like, teacher/student), attached to a real place (like, College of Business at URI), we created the idea of a place, attached to real people, namely, matt-and-sanjiv-in-a-fish-bowl. In this imaginary place, the Fish-bowl, with extraordinary patience and power, through words, we agreed to project awareness and unity of self as the principle theme. 

The Fish-bowl is a meeting place of the mind; it is a metaphysical place. There is no hiding here for matt-sanjiv because they’re simultaneously, observers and observed. 	

It cannot be assumed that the Fish-bowl is a determined, ordered system intelligible to the outsider who can discover the natural laws that govern matt-sanjiv, or that the role of reason is the power guiding matt-sanjiv.

Rationally and empirically, the Fish-bowl has no significance. It can only be seen in terms of the impact that the matt-sanjiv experience will make on its existence.

			

		2.20.99

My Dear Siddharatha,

During our period of estrangement, our inward journey was around doubts as to “who I am” and, “what I stand for,” i.e. who is the authentic self? Am I this, or, am I that? 

Through thought alone, one transcends a situation (of this/that), and thus we transcended our 

situation, comprising of hurt and feelings of insult, by conceiving the fish-bowl. However, to act upon thought, (beginning with the memo allocating matt’s assistantship to sanjiv), is a contingent act… to survive, to live, to be represented. Our contingent act was a gesture demarcating matt-sanjiv representation. Gesture demarcates, and so we conceive of ourselves…

				

The fish-bowl is

 			a contingent act 

a gesture 

 			to exist. 

The betrayal 

of ideas 

is a death 

to being. 

To open one’s mind 

and one’s mental routine 

to the world

is to open one’s heart.

From, 

your very dear friend, Hermann Hesse.

Our Intent: to Play a Unique Role

Our intent is to play a unique role in education: to gain intellect not through verbal discourse per se but through presentation of thought and action; not through involvement with people in an outside world but in a Way Within or an Inward Way that presents world as inner landscape, and so carry out in practice our theme of awareness and unity of self.

Fear of Expressing Feelings

We do not always express Feelings because they’re often Confused, and even Frightening. However, to deny Feelings is to make false, restricted work. To be inauthentic and fake.

In the fish bowl we’re learning to touch Feelings. We touch through expression, i.e. expressing conceptions and perceptions of things, including each other. Particularly, differences like viking/sikh, west/east, physical/ mental, student/teacher,love/hate, and other such dimensions. 

We touch Feelings under public gaze. We have a need to go public with every thing that we say or do.

We’re developing a need to write.

Management Principle 1: Conceiving Ambiguity, Creating Possibility

Ambiguous space is nonhierarchical, horizontal. Its nodes intersect in random, unregulated networks in which any node can interconnect with any other node. We create a new form of rhizomatic knowledge by mixing metaphors. Rhizome is a complex metaphor that contrasts with rooted, 

traditional metaphors, such as, teacher/student. In the fish-bowl, matt-and-sanjiv celebrate their nomadic and schizophrenic qualities. 

We’re motivated to do this because to conceive of ambiguity is to create possibility, and the stronger the ambiguity, the greater is our creativity, and the more powerful our felt-experience.

In the fish-bowl, we’ve created an ambiguious relationship between ourselves: 

we’ve fulfilled all formal requirements (papers, etc.), yet we’re inconclusive about them (grades, etc.); 

we’re not involved in each others research, yet our interaction is research; 

matt is paid fifteen hours/week to assist sanjiv, yet it is sanjiv who assists matt.

The ambiguity in our relationship creates possibility because it allows us to be anything we want. This freedom makes us examine each other in ways we hadn’t been able to see before.

				

Management Principle 2: Creating Myth

The “fish-bowl” is an example of creating a myth. Myth is created inter-subjectively between matt and sanjiv.

“Myth (of matt-sanjiv-in-a-fish-bowl) is a system of communication, it is a message. It is a mode of signification, a form. We assign to this form historical limits, conditions of use, and reintroduce community into it: we must nevertheless first describe it as a form.” (roland barthes)

We use our imagination to describe our form of myth.

The matt-sanjiv form is diasporic ambiguity.

The college of business at URI is percieving and experiencing it.

	Management Principle 3: Create Myth/Intersubjectivity/Intertextuality

Intersubjectivity helps matt-sanjiv to see that most human experience and action goes on between the self and others.

Myth creates Inter-subjectivity; and Inter-subjectivity creates Myth. However, in the fish-bowl the notion of Intertextuality replaces that of Intersubjectivity. “Every text is constructed as a mosaic of other texts, every text is an absorbtion and transformation of other texts” (julia kristeva). Through their intersubjectivity and intertextuality, around the texts of T.E. Lawrence (Lawrence of Arabia), Rainer Rilke (German poet), and Thomas Becket (Archbishop of Canterbury), among others, matt-sanjiv create the myth of the fish-bowl. 

					2.19.99

Dear Matt,

Thank you for expressing feelings so eloquently through the mouth of Mr. Kappus. 

You are Mr. Kappus. 

When reading our exchange of letters, it is evident that one’s authentic self is indeed problematic in a situation where one can be anything one wants. 

		 			We can be friends forever.

Between ourselves: Mr. Kappus, T.E Lawrence, the English, Rilke, Sartre, Hesse, the German, Eriksen, Viking, Siddharatha, Buddha, the Indian, Eakins, the American, Dugal, Sikh, Baudelaire, the French, the West and the East, we’re creating an inter-textuality, an inter-subjectivity, and a shared memory. Indeed, we’re creating our context. We’re laying the foundation. 

Through this labyrinthe lies the inward journey of the subjective self. 

I find your words,“ Even when overcome by feelings of hate, I still knew that our relationship was a source of great knowledge and understanding” to be most telling of our universal condition, because the central problem is not an abstract one, but one of contingency: what we lack is certainty, confidence, sense of purpose to break paradoxical situations like feelings of hate/ and feelings of great understanding. That is, the more I hate, the more I understand, and the more I understand, the more I hate. 

			

If we had more access to our own past, to memory, to inter-textuality and inter-subjectivity, our sense of purpose would be immensely augmented. Hesse’s Steppenwolf expressed this sense of meaning due to re-possession of the past: 

“For moments together my heart stood still between delight and sorrow to find how rich was the gallery of my life, and how thronged the soul of the wretched steppenwolf with high eternal stars and constellations… the kernel of this life of mine was noble. It came of high descent and turned, not on trifles, but on the stars…”(Steppenwolf, Hesse).

From your friend, Sanjiv

Myth/Intersubjectivity/Intertextuality are Inter-connected. 

Inter-connectedness is the understanding that relations, connecting and opposing, exist. 

			Even lies are part of the truth.	

To be Inter-connected is To-Be-Aware-of-Other-Realities, 

i.e. to be aware of opposing myths, metaphors, dimensions, 

and their on-going interactive inter-subjectivities.

“matt-sanjiv-in-the-fish-bowl” are aware of the what, why, whom, and wherefrom concerning their myth.

					2.21.99

Dear Lief Erikson theViking,

One’s position within a relationship, like,Viking-Sikh, has to do with intersubjective interpretation, in other words, position is determined by our past (shared memory), our present (interpretation), and, our future (imagination). 

The activities representing the past, present, and future, are overlapping in the new millennium to the extent of becoming indistinguishable. We’re experiencing confusion, loss of control, etc. In such a situation, how do I determine my sense of self? 

To do so, I reveal a structure, or deconstruct one, or imaginatively construct one…here’s mine: “I was sent to these Arabs as a stranger, unable to think their thoughts or subscribe their beliefs, but charged by duty to lead them forward and to develop to the highest any movement of theirs profitable to England in her war. If I could not assume their character, I could atleast conceal my own, and pass among them without evident friction, neither a discord nor a critic but an unnoticed influence. Since I was their fellow I will not be their apologist or advocate. Today in my old garments, I could play the bystander, obedient to the sensibilities of our theatre…but it is more honest to record that these ideas and actions then passed naturally. What now looks wanton or sadic seemed in the field inevitable or just unimportant routine.” (T.E. Lawrence, Seven Pillars of Wisdom, 1926)

What is our intersubjective interpretation of the above text with regard to us, as Viking-Sikh? Here is a random list of specifics for us to address in the fish-bowl:locate the fear

build history

zoom in and out

raise the stakes

get specific

explore the underside

Yours truly,

				

Sardar Bahadur Singh the Sikh

Management Principle 4: Experiencing Learning

In the fish-bowl the problem of Being takes precedence over that of Knowing (when acquiring a Ph.D. or anything else). 

“Being cannot be made a subject of objective enquiry; it is revealed to the individual by reflecting on his own unique concrete existence in time and space. Existence is basic: it is the fact of the individual’s presence and participation in a changing and potentially dangerous world. Each self-aware individual understands his own existence in terms of his experience of himself and of his situation. The self of which he is aware is a thinking being which has beliefs, hopes, fears, desires, the need to find a purpose, and a will that can determine his actions.” (sartre)

	Real and Unreal:

We are free to choose between authentic and fake as a form of existence. Freedom distinguishes between “authentic” and “inauthentic” forms of existence. 

In the fish-bowl we distinguish between authentic/fake on the basis of our endeavor to transcend a particular dimension or form. 

This endeavor is the matt-sanjiv form of Authenticity.

We are free to choose our reality.

	

Management Principle 5: Creating Reality as Representational Space

I can represent something (teacher), if you represent the other (student).

You can only represent something (youth), if I represent the other (mid-life).

in this dimension we are bound

Whenever we articulate other dimensions, other myths, other inter-subjectivites, other realities, other representational spaces, we ipso facto create a temporal and spatial disjunction. 

When we articulate the meaning of a new dimension, we experience temporal and spatial disjunction as representational space. 

	Matt & Sanjiv occupy several dimensions, but their spirits are free.

					Viking and Sikh

	

	Reality of Humility/Arrogance

Matt and Sanjiv are inter-connected on the following dimension:

Humility------------------------------------------ Arrogance

Our beings “connect and oppose in relation” to this dimension. 

It is one of several operating realities between us. 

The existence of humility in matt’s being is dependent upon the existence of arrogance in sanjiv’s being; 

and the existence of humility in sanjiv’s being is dependent upon the existence of arrogance in matt’s being.

 We’re hooked.

 		We can be anything we want. It’s all in our heads.

	

Our Method: the Interplay between Verbalized-Thought and Felt-Experience

In the fish-bowl, the interplay between our two distinct identities brought complexity and depth to our respective worlds. We interpreted text (and each-other), as we saw (perceived) and felt (experienced) it. Even as we respect another’s text, we brought our subjectivity to bear upon it. We infused the text with our individual being; not the other way round. The text did not infuse us. 

In other words, we used words as expressions of sensed-thought (felt-experience) rather than as verbalized-thought in promoting the idea of unity above the inner divisions between us. Our interpreted text reveals us and reflects on us.

Example of Verbalized-thought:

“That evening, I found that I had to untangle two different reactions, writing a description of the conversation and, carefully separated, an expression of my feelings as a member of another culture. Each person is calibrated by experience, almost like a measuring instrument for difference, so discomfort is informative and offers a starting point for new understanding. Indeed, what I had seen and heard would not have pushed me to reflection and generalization were it not for the urgency produced by the sense of difference.”

(Mary Catherine Bateson, Peripheral Visions, page 17)

Example of Felt-experience:

In the fish-bowl we found

we had to untangle two processes:

description of the script (between us), 

and carefully separated, 

expression of (our) feelings.

WORDS DESCRIBE, STEP BACK, FEELINGS EXPRESS

We experience difference through the expression of feelings.

Discomfort from difference is Information;

Information is a starting point for new Understanding.

		

EXPERIENCE DIFFERENCE THRU EXPRESSION

	(My) experence, 

Makes (me)

different (from you).

difference (from you)

Makes (me) 

experience (you).

 DIFFERENCE CREATES SOMETHING NEW

The urgency produced by our sense of difference

Forces us to 

Reflect and Transcend the situation.

From the above method, what we learned about ourselves and for the practice of management were the following:

Construct a text/written script

express feelings

expressing feelings makes for difference 

sense of difference produces urgency

 			urgency requires us to reflect, and to transcend

			the written text…

Principle activity: create a sense of difference to achieve unity above inner divisions.

It’ All In Our Heads

						Thank you

								Bye…for 

now.

Epilogue

Our revels now are ended,

These are actors, as I foretold you,

We’re all spirits, and are melted into air.

And like the baseless fabric of this vision,

The cloud capp’d towers, the gorgeous palaces,

The solemn temples, the great globe itself.

Yea all which it inherit shall dissolve,

And like this insubstantial pageant faded,

Leave not a rack behind.

We are such stuff, as dreams are made of,

And our little life is rounded,

With a sleep.

(from “The Tempest” by William Shakespeare)

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/22/2019 1:33:07
Subject: inter-subjective spaces
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I read your social meeting exercise. You constructed meaning by reflecting upon your experience and expressing it in text. Your constructions evoked images in the viewer’s mind and, by this furtherance, you succeeded in creating an inter-subjective space among yourselves. Creating this space is the bedrock of every social context.

Congratulations! See you tomorrow, when you can complete your work and catch-up in class.

Sanjiv

INTER-SUBJECTIVE, FURTHERANCE, BEDROCK, SOCIAL, CONTEXT

C: BUS443

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/21/2019 20:36:45
Subject: due date
------------------------------------------------------------
Verity,

Bring the beginnings to class and I will be able to help. If not, you will use class time to start the process. It’s like an open class time to catch up and look around and touch base.

Bring sentences and dichotomies and felt experiences. Bits and pieces in the making are welcome. I want to see your process, so I can point things out. Soon you are to be on your own and there’s a million dollars at stake! Just kidding.

Good luck and see you tomorrow. Thanks for your email.

Sanjiv

On Oct 21, 2019, at 4:21 PM, Verity Cheslo <verity_cheslo@my.uri.edu> wrote:

Dear Professor Dugal,

I hope you are well. My team is curious about what date the integrated networking structures / 10 step algorithm is expected to be completed by. We do not have a due date in our notes and I have friends in your morning class who do not have it in their notes, but Alaina has friends in the afternoon class who think it is due tomorrow. We have been making steady progress on it, but we wanted to check with you since more time would definitely help us feel more confident about the work we are completing. Thank you so much for your time and help.

Sincerely,

Verity Cheslo

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/21/2019 20:04:42
Subject: looking at what we're looking at
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Something about our process which is common to both courses...something about its methodology (social constructivism, participant-observation, social reflexivity, experiential learning, action research, and first-person auto-ethnography).

 

In your fishbowls, you’re textually doing the following:

Constructing

Collaborating

Cooperating

Creating

Engaging

Watching

Looking

Showing

Sharing

Visualizing

Imagining

You’ve been doing all this through a commitment to sorting, sifting and selecting.

It has to do with creating space: visual, mental, and experientially felt. The context is both digital and physical. It's a melding and molding and morphing, continuously into something else.

Please stop and think about your experience for each of these, whether inside or outside the fishbowl. Indeed, we are all in one big fishbowl, where opposites co-exist.

There’s a concept, which will come up again and worth considering: Recursive. As you do the above things in your fishbowls, you’re ipso facto generating and creating textual information for observation and further comment by you. It’s a recursive process. You are repeatedly looking at yourself looking at yourself. 

Through self-reflexivity and social reflexivity you are generating big-data. But let’s not get beyond ourselves. Understanding comes in steps and stages.

In the Society course, you are looking at Integrated Networking Structures, and we will work your structures and dichotomies in real time in class tomorrow, Tuesday Please come prepared to be helped.

In the Design course, you are looking at Metaphor. On Wednesday we will see metaphor's connection with symbols and design. 

It’s about having awareness. You rarely end-up where you were intending to go, but often you end-up somewhere that you needed to be. Please be aware of that in your fishbowls. Dichotomy: Intending to go/needing to be.

Granted, there’s a lot to think about. Do the basics sincerely. If you’re not used to thinking, the head will hurt, but do not give-in to distraction. NEVER GIVE IN is a worth motto.

Sanjiv

RECURSIVE, REFLEXIVE, IPSO FACTO: MELD, MOLD, MORPH, SORT, SIFT, SELECT 

SPACE: VISUAL, MENTAL, IMAGINARY, PHYSICAL, REAL

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/21/2019 20:04:01
Subject: looking at what we're looking at
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Something about our process which is common to both courses...something about its methodology (social constructivism, participant-observation, social reflexivity, experiential learning, action research, and first-person auto-ethnography).

 

In your fishbowls, you’re textually doing the following:

Constructing

Collaborating

Cooperating

Creating

Engaging

Watching

Looking

Showing

Sharing

Visualizing

Imagining

You’ve been doing all this through a commitment to sorting, sifting and selecting.

It has to do with creating space: visual, mental, and experientially felt. The context is both digital and physical. It's a melding and molding and morphing, continuously into something else.

Please stop and think about your experience for each of these, whether inside or outside the fishbowl. Indeed, we are all in one big fishbowl, where opposites co-exist.

There’s a concept, which will come up again and worth considering: Recursive. As you do the above things in your fishbowls, you’re ipso facto generating and creating textual information for observation and further comment by you. It’s a recursive process. You are repeatedly looking at yourself looking at yourself. 

Through self-reflexivity and social reflexivity you are generating big-data. But let’s not get beyond ourselves. Understanding comes in steps and stages.

In the Society course, you are looking at Integrated Networking Structures, and we will work your structures and dichotomies in real time in class tomorrow, Tuesday Please come prepared to be helped.

In the Design course, you are looking at Metaphor. On Wednesday we will see metaphor's connection with symbols and design. 

It’s about having awareness. You rarely end-up where you were intending to go, but often you end-up somewhere that you needed to be. Please be aware of that in your fishbowls. Dichotomy: Intending to go/needing to be.

Granted, there’s a lot to think about. Do the basics sincerely. If you’re not used to thinking, the head will hurt, but do not give-in to distraction. NEVER GIVE IN is a worth motto.

Sanjiv

RECURSIVE, REFLEXIVE, IPSO FACTO: MELD, MOLD, MORPH, SORT, SIFT, SELECT 

SPACE: VISUAL, MENTAL, IMAGINARY, PHYSICAL, REAL

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/20/2019 22:34:45
Subject: social networks and new forms of sociality
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

One of the key ideas about social networks, like your fishbowl, is that the Whole becomes greater than the Sum of its Parts.

This is because we follow particular algorithms that are in addition to any specific pattern of ties that bind us.

All the ideas you have been learning in your fishbowls have been through your own practice; from infotention to collective intelligence, you are deeply intertwined with your social network and its algorithm. Only recently have we started to understand how our social networks affect us. In the late 1990s scientists began to connect the dots between network structures in physics, biology, sociology, and technical systems, to discover that:

1.Networks, for example, your fishbowls, have structures, and structures influence the way individuals and networks behave.

2. Networks extend and amplify the reach of the social to make new forms of sociality possible.

In your fishbowls, you live on the cusp of great possibilities. 

How so? 

You are Clueing in to Collaboration: Making Virtual Communities, Collective Intelligence, and Knowledge Networks Work for You (and Us). Please check it out for yourselves as to what I am saying. There is much at stake and, you are at the helm of affairs.

Sanjiv

SOCIAL, NETWORK, INTERTWINE, STRUCTURE, AFFECT, CUSP, FORM

C: BUS443: Organizational Design and Change

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/9/2019 12:55:15
Subject: idealizations
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I wanted to say that the structures you're constructing in your fishbowls are idealizations.

Idealization is a fundamental feature of human thought. We build simplified models in our scientific research and utopias in our political imaginations. Same as you have done in the social meeting exercise. Concepts like belief, desire, reason and fairness are bound up with idealizations and ideals. Life is a constant adjustment between the models we make and realities we encounter. In idealizations (like the one’s you are constructing and creating), we proceed “as if” our representations were ideal, while knowing they are not. This is not a a dangerous or distracting occupation. Our best chance of understanding design, culture and society, and ourselves, is to open our minds to plurality of imperfect depictions that together allow us to manage and interpret our world. I hope you have experienced this among yourselves when completing the social meeting exercise. 

See you in a bit.

Sanjiv

IDEAL, IDEALIZATION, PLURAL, DEPICTION, INTERPRET

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/9/2019 12:53:43
Subject: idealizations
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I wanted to say that the structures you're constructing in your fishbowls are idealizations.

Idealization is a fundamental feature of human thought. We build simplified models in our scientific research and utopias in our political imaginations. Same as you have done in the social meeting exercise. Concepts like belief, desire, reason and fairness are bound up with idealizations and ideals. Life is a constant adjustment between the models we make and realities we encounter. In idealizations (like the one’s you are constructing and creating), we proceed “as if” our representations were ideal, while knowing they are not. This is not a a dangerous or distracting occupation. Our best chance of understanding design, culture and society, and ourselves, is to open our minds to plurality of imperfect depictions that together allow us to manage and interpret our world. I hope you have experienced this among yourselves when completing the social meeting exercise. 

Sanjiv

IDEAL, IDEALIZATION, PLURAL, DEPICTION, INTERPRET

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/8/2019 23:51:55
Subject: Is there a life after the fishbowl?
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Adam,

Thank you for your email below. I was scrolling your reflections in the fishbowl over the last two semesters, and found much depth and breadth of thought. So it is natural for me to raise the question: is there a life after the fishbowl?

Is there a life after theory? The ’thought of’ your fishbowl, seems to have come and gone, but has the moment of ‘high’ theory passed?

Much has been written and debated about this question. There are those who point out, that the word ‘after’ can mean not only ‘following in time’ but also ‘in pursuit of' or even ‘in imitation of.’ Could a life be in pursuit of theory? Could a life ever imitate theory? And, indeed, what is ‘life’? Whatever the answer to that, whatever story we tell of our past experiences, and whatever way(s) you read ‘after’, there is a widespread understanding, explicit or implicit, that ‘fishbowls’ are now experiencing something (social media) we might just call ‘life after theory.’

Whatever life our fishbowls' enact, I personally believe one’s life to be in pursuit and in search of theory. It is one's intellectual journey, and the passion of our minds.

The courses have taken off in full swing, and Students are as marvelous as ever. 

Best wishes,

Sanjiv

C: BUS 345, 443

On Oct 7, 2019, at 10:07 PM, Adam <aschief95@gmail.com> wrote:

Sanjiv,

I am a proponent for the new syllabus. As I was perusing it, there was one line that resonated with me. “It begins with the simple act of paying attention to a word with care and respect”. Our society does not establish this practice and we begin to overlook the words we use. If I had to use a metaphor, it would be similar to handling eggs when grocery shopping. We should inspect "the eggs” (our words) before we purchase them and then handle them cautiously when bagging them. 

I miss the Fishbowl and your class. Hopefully the semester is going well. 

Best,

Adam 

Adam C. Saluccio 

Univeristy of Rhode Island

Pharm D. Candidate 2020

URI Mens Rowing Grad Assistant

AZO Philanthropy Chair 

732-966-4135 

On Aug 30, 2019, at 6:29 AM, Sanjiv Dugal <sanjivdugal@gmail.com> wrote:

<BUS345 Syllabus.rtf>

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/8/2019 23:51:19
Subject: Is there a life after the fishbowl?
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Adam,

Thank you for your email below. I was scrolling your reflections in the fishbowl over the last two semesters, and found much depth and breadth of thought. So it is natural for me to raise the question: is there a life after the fishbowl?

Is there a life after theory? The ’thought of’ your fishbowl, seems to have come and gone, but has the moment of ‘high’ theory passed?

Much has been written and debated about this question. There are those who point out, that the word ‘after’ can mean not only ‘following in time’ but also ‘in pursuit of' or even ‘in imitation of.’ Could a life be in pursuit of theory? Could a life ever imitate theory? And, indeed, what is ‘life’? Whatever the answer to that, whatever story we tell of our past experiences, and whatever way(s) you read ‘after’, there is a widespread understanding, explicit or implicit, that ‘fishbowls’ are now experiencing something (social media) we might just call ‘life after theory.’

Whatever life our fishbowls' enact, I personally believe one’s life to be in pursuit and in search of theory. It is one's intellectual journey, and the passion of our minds.

The courses have taken off in full swing, and Students are as marvelous as ever. 

Best wishes,

Sanjiv

C: BUS 345, 443

On Oct 7, 2019, at 10:07 PM, Adam <aschief95@gmail.com> wrote:

Sanjiv,

I am a proponent for the new syllabus. As I was perusing it, there was one line that resonated with me. “It begins with the simple act of paying attention to a word with care and respect”. Our society does not establish this practice and we begin to overlook the words we use. If I had to use a metaphor, it would be similar to handling eggs when grocery shopping. We should inspect "the eggs” (our words) before we purchase them and then handle them cautiously when bagging them. 

I miss the Fishbowl and your class. Hopefully the semester is going well. 

Best,

Adam 

Adam C. Saluccio 

Univeristy of Rhode Island

Pharm D. Candidate 2020

URI Mens Rowing Grad Assistant

AZO Philanthropy Chair 

732-966-4135 

On Aug 30, 2019, at 6:29 AM, Sanjiv Dugal <sanjivdugal@gmail.com> wrote:

<BUS345 Syllabus.rtf>

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/7/2019 23:48:42
Subject: Further reflection on your social meeting papers
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

The presumption that we first think of what we will do forms the basis of most systems of education. The other way around---to have thought informed from or by your action---is given little credence. Yet, as everyone who works with physical material knows, thoughts continuously emerge from action and physical work. These thoughts may be considered lesser, more like hunches than the thoughts of “pure“ thinking, but they are thoughts, nonetheless. Insights, understanding, intuition, grasping---they may all be classified as “soft thoughts” more closely associated with feeling and empathic sensibility.

The words in your paper were informed by your actions during the social meeting. Thank you for your expression and sharing your thoughts.

Sanjiv 

THOUGHT, INSIGHT, UNDERSTANDING, INTUITION, GRASP, FEELING, EMPATHY, SENSIBILITY, EXPRESSION

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/7/2019 23:48:05
Subject: Further reflection on your social meeting papers
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

The presumption that we first think of what we will do forms the basis of most systems of education. The other way around---to have thought informed from or by your action---is given little credence. Yet, as everyone who works with physical material knows, thoughts continuously emerge from action and physical work. These thoughts may be considered lesser, more like hunches than the thoughts of “pure“ thinking, but they are thoughts, nonetheless. Insights, understanding, intuition, grasping---they may all be classified as “soft thoughts” more closely associated with feeling and empathic sensibility.

The words in your paper were informed by your actions during the social meeting. Thank you for your expression and sharing your thoughts.

Sanjiv 

THOUGHT, INSIGHT, UNDERSTANDING, INTUITION, GRASP, FEELING, EMPATHY, SENSIBILITY, EXPRESSION

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/7/2019 22:26:05
Subject: Sharing the World: Reading your social meeting reflections
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I've finished reading your social meeting assignment. 

You gave it your best shot and came out ahead. For some, 

it was a new way of developing an idea and a thought. 

The sincerity and integrity in your effort came shining through the cracks.

What you have learnt and experienced thus far are the following research methodologies...

Self-reflection

Participative observation

Symbolic interaction

Auto-ethnography

Dichotomous thinking

Structures and structuring

Interpretation

Sharing thoughts and mental processes

Please google the above terms. Sort and select your understanding of these terms, one sentence for each and share them in your fishbowl.

A favorite quote from Luce Irigaray's (please google her name) book “Sharing the World”:

“We cannot share the world as it already is, with the exception of the natural world. The world that we can share is always and still to be elaborated by us and between us starting from the perception and affirmation of what and who we are as humans here and now."

Sanjiv

AFFIRMATION

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/7/2019 22:25:22
Subject: Sharing the World: Reading your social meeting reflections
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I've finished reading your social meeting assignment. 

You gave it your best shot and came out ahead. For some, 

it was a new way of developing an idea and a thought. 

The sincerity and integrity in your effort came shining through the cracks.

What you have learnt and experienced thus far are the following research methodologies...

Self-reflection

Participative observation

Symbolic interaction

Auto-ethnography

Dichotomous thinking

Structures and structuring

Interpretation

Sharing thoughts and mental processes

Please google the above terms. Sort and select your understanding of these terms, one sentence for each and share them in your fishbowl.

A favorite quote from Luce Irigaray's (please google her name) book “Sharing the World”:

“We cannot share the world as it already is, with the exception of the natural world. The world that we can share is always and still to be elaborated by us and between us starting from the perception and affirmation of what and who we are as humans here and now."

Sanjiv

AFFIRMATION

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/5/2019 15:17:26
Subject: creating and constructing knowledge content
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Your text in the fishbowl is nascent and in a state of formation.... I am reminded of two sentences:

“In the 'world of immersion,' authorship is no longer the transmission of experience, but rather the construction of utterly personal experiences.” Brenda Laurel (please google)

"The task of thinking is based upon selection and weeding out: Remembering every thing is weirdly similar to forgetting. Most things that people do shouldn’t be remembered. Maybe forgetting is good.” Gary Wolf 

Your social meeting exercise was a step towards learning to create and construct a knowing (personal experience) and a knowledge content (selecting and weeding).

Sanjiv

GENERATIVE, FORMATION, NASCENT, TRANSMISSION, CONSTRUCTION, REMEMBER, FORGET, KNOW, KNOWLEDGE, CONTENT, CREATE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/5/2019 15:15:50
Subject: creating and constructing knowledge content
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Your text in the fishbowl is nascent and in a state of formation.... I am reminded of two sentences:

“In the 'world of immersion,' authorship is no longer the transmission of experience, but rather the construction of utterly personal experiences.” Brenda Laurel (please google)

"The task of thinking is based upon selection and weeding out: Remembering every thing is weirdly similar to forgetting. Most things that people do shouldn’t be remembered. Maybe forgetting is good.” Gary Wolf 

Your social meeting exercise was a step towards learning to create and construct a knowing (personal experience) and a knowledge content (selecting and weeding).

Sanjiv

GENERATIVE, FORMATION, NASCENT, TRANSMISSION, CONSTRUCTION, REMEMBER, FORGET, KNOW, KNOWLEDGE, CONTENT, CREATE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/4/2019 16:07:43
Subject: assemblages
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

What your viewer sees you doing in the fishbowl, and specifically in the Social Meeting exercise, is reassembling your group.

"Reassembling the Social" is the title of Bruno Latour’s book (please google) which is an introduction fo Actor-Network Theory. Please google.

We’re looking at our fishbowls as assemblages. Our approach is the 'sociology of associations’ where we scrutinize the exact content of what is being assembled.

The society of your group, and the meaning of the word society in the digital environment, considers two distinct things: the process of assembling; and the type of material that is distinct from others. In other words, how are you going about creating and constructing an assembly of words that is materially different from other assemblages.

Please google Actor Network Theory.

Sanjiv

REASSEMBLING, MATERIAL, PROCESS, ASSOCIATION, CREATE, CONSTRUCT

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/3/2019 12:03:50
Subject: soft power
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

As we come in with our "pre-narrative" and "pre-individual" notions about what to expect (Please see Opening Statement for my Annual Review), I want to point out a sentence from your syllabus:

“The ability to share information --- and to be believed --- becomes an important source of attraction and power.”

So there you have it. You want to construct a Society and do Business in it? 

Then by the end of the semester, you have to demonstrate soft power.

Does this sound like an English writing class? The answer is NO.

Tip: It takes one word, one concept, one element, one step at a time.

See you in the fishbowl.

Sanjiv

ANTE-NARRATIVE, PRE-INDIVIDUAL (please google both words), SEE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/3/2019 0:15:14
Subject: Learning is an Act of Courage
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Re-framing and re-phrasing is re-designing. The re- is the mantra. 

In a digital environment, we create structures. 

You just did so in your fishbowls with the social meeting exercise. 

Thus far you have experienced the following:

Structuring

Re-structuring

Dichotomy

Symbol

Juxtapose

Story telling

Abstracting

Conceptualizing

You gained perspective from different points of view. There is another step for deeper learning yet. You must compare and contrast your differences in the experience of your social meeting. It is our words that create meaning. 

Working in this way, you are constructing meaning in your groups. You have no idea where it will lead... Forget goals in this course. In your group, you have real possibility. The question is do you have courage.

GOAL, POSSIBILITY, COURAGE

Learning is an act of courage.

Sanjiv

RE, MANTRA, LEARNING, CREATE, STRUCTURE, DICHOTOMY, SYMBOL, JUXTAPOSITION, COMPARE, CONTRAST, COURAGE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/3/2019 0:13:40
Subject: Learning is an Act of Courage
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Re-framing and re-phrasing is re-designing. The re- is the mantra. 

In a digital environment, we create structures. 

You just did so in your fishbowls with the social meeting exercise. 

Thus far you have experienced the following:

Structuring

Re-structuring

Dichotomy

Symbol

Juxtapose

Story telling

Abstracting

Conceptualizing

You gained perspective from different points of view. There is another step for deeper learning yet. You must compare and contrast your differences in the experience of your social meeting. It is our words that create meaning. 

Working in this way, you are constructing meaning in your groups. You have no idea where it will lead... Forget goals in this course. In your group, you have real possibility. The question is do you have courage.

GOAL, POSSIBILITY, COURAGE

Learning is an act of courage.

Sanjiv

RE, MANTRA, LEARNING, CREATE, STRUCTURE, DICHOTOMY, SYMBOL, JUXTAPOSITION, COMPARE, CONTRAST, COURAGE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 10/2/2019 2:08:11
Subject: meeting once again
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

It was good to see you again. The face and its expression are both important in the management of aesthetics. The field of aesthetics is big, and has been for some time.

Your social meeting exercises are the 'management of aesthetics of story telling.’ Please google the term. It is always good to know what you are doing and why you are doing it. In other words, the theory behind the things we do. 

Aesthetics. Good word.

I’m looking forward to reading your papers. You must have been uncomfortable in the doing of abstracting, but ultimately, I hope, a feeling of satisfaction. It is our abstractions that give us satisfaction. They are aphorisms and axioms. They are the reason why we sing sappy love songs. It keeps us connected. We welcome both the right and wrong of things, because that is who we are as a group.

I have good vibes about our class. We might write a paper on friendship in the workplace and the management of aesthetics of story telling, and present ourselves digitally and in person. We can do anything we want, so long as we do it together and we are open to our differences. Indeed, we seek them and rejoice in them. BUT, we want to make money while we’re at it.

Sanjiv

AESTHETICS, ABSTRACTION, APHORISM, AXIOM

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/18/2019 15:17:59
Subject: regarding the social meeting
------------------------------------------------------------
Dear Bao,

Thank you for your email and raising these questions. I am forwarding it to the class.

1.Introduce yourself in your fishbowl to your group. Suggest a meeting place and time. Share any restrictions or disadvantages that you may have with your group.

2. Email your group members by finding their emails from my letters.

3. Due date: post your social meeting assignment in your fishbowl on 25 September. 

4. The following week on 2 October, I will take a hard copy.

5. It is a social meeting to get to know each other, so talk about yourself and your experiences.

6. Because of the time you will spend on your social meeting, I have cancelled class next week. However, work will continue online and you will be working in the fishbowl with your group.

Sanjiv

On Sep 18, 2019, at 10:53 AM, Bao Hoang <bao_hoang@my.uri.edu> wrote:

Dear professor,

This is Bao Hoang. I was wondering is there a due date for the social meeting assignment? And how do I get the contact of the people in my group since I don’t know them? 

Thank you! 

Sincerely,

Bao Hoang

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/18/2019 15:16:43
Subject: Regarding Social Meeting
------------------------------------------------------------
Dear Bao,

Thank you for your email and raising these questions. I am forwarding it to the class.

1.Introduce yourself in your fishbowl to your group. Suggest a meeting place and time. Share any restrictions or disadvantages that you may have with your group.

2. Email your group members by finding their emails from my letters.

3. Due date: post your social meeting assignment in your fishbowl on 25 September. 

4. The following week on 2 October, I will take a hard copy.

5. It is a social meeting to get to know each other, so talk about yourself and your experiences.

6. Because of the time you will spend on your social meeting, I have cancelled class next week. However, work will continue online and you will be working in the fishbowl with your group.

Sanjiv

On Sep 18, 2019, at 10:53 AM, Bao Hoang <bao_hoang@my.uri.edu> wrote:

Dear professor,

This is Bao Hoang. I was wondering is there a due date for the social meeting assignment? And how do I get the contact of the people in my group since I don’t know them? 

Thank you! 

Sincerely,

Bao Hoang

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/18/2019 14:42:08
Subject: reading the other's text
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Reading the other’s posting should not be drudgery, and not mere escape either, but a way to live life at a higher pitch. Whenever we read a good posting, it is a pathway to finding ourselves, by getting lost in the words and works of others.

We are overdoing cruising; skimming and skipping. It’s an addiction of chasing something else...

There is another mode of reading --- the kind that requires your full attention and that has as its goal not the mere gathering of information or chasing something else, but the deeper understanding that only good postings can offer.

At a practical level, The Fishbowl is a guide for anyone who yearns for a more meaningful and satisfying reading experience, and who wants to sharpen reading skills and improve concentration.

You want to provide a more immersive, fulfilling experience to your viewers, readers, peers and colleagues. The alternative is hop-skip and jump!

Sanjiv

IMMERSE, DEEP, UNDERSTANDING, MODE, READING

From the fishbowl...an excellent example

Posting by Andrew Easse, Wed, Sept. 18, 10.14 am

Learning through osmosis 

Design thinking is a living text

Immerse yourself in text

Social meeting exercise (opened ended meeting) 

Write down what you are feeling

Ethnographic notes 

Select 6 symbols 

Pairing up the words into 3 pairs

Go into dictionary to find these words

Create a simple sentence 

Connecting with a group over in a social environment, rather than in an academia setting allows for an actual connection between the members of the group. A simple 20 minute meeting over coffee, allows for people to talk about their lives and establish a connection that will make the rest of class much easier.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/18/2019 14:37:59
Subject: reading the other's text
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Reading the other’s posting should not be drudgery, and not mere escape either, but a way to live life at a higher pitch. Whenever we read a good posting, it is a pathway to finding ourselves, by getting lost in the words and works of others.

We are overdoing cruising; skimming and skipping. It’s an addiction of chasing something else...

There is another mode of reading --- the kind that requires your full attention and that has as its goal not the mere gathering of information or chasing something else, but the deeper understanding that only good postings can offer.

At a practical level, The Fishbowl is a guide for anyone who yearns for a more meaningful and satisfying reading experience, and who wants to sharpen reading skills and improve concentration.

You want to provide a more immersive, fulfilling experience to your viewers, readers, peers and colleagues. The alternative is hop-skip and jump!

Sanjiv

IMMERSE, DEEP, UNDERSTANDING, MODE, READING

From the fishbowl...an excellent example

Posting by Andrew Easse, Wed, Sept. 18, 10.14 am

Learning through osmosis 

Design thinking is a living text

Immerse yourself in text

Social meeting exercise (opened ended meeting) 

Write down what you are feeling

Ethnographic notes 

Select 6 symbols 

Pairing up the words into 3 pairs

Go into dictionary to find these words

Create a simple sentence 

Connecting with a group over in a social environment, rather than in an academia setting allows for an actual connection between the members of the group. A simple 20 minute meeting over coffee, allows for people to talk about their lives and establish a connection that will make the rest of class much easier.

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/17/2019 23:15:14
Subject: watching and viewing the machine as metaphor
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

It is most important you get comfortable posting and reading in the fishbowl.

So long you do that, the learning will follow naturally. 

Tomorrow we will go over the fishbowl a bit, and the social meeting exercise, and we will begin looking at metaphor. 

We will watch a feature film (100mts) and view an organization functioning like a machine. 

On account of your social meeting exercise, I am cancelling class next Wednesday 25th September.

At some point, I will review the concepts you have experienced thus far. 

But for now, I will think about metaphor and getting it across to you.

Please scroll Brooke Bolofsky’s fishbowl...how she has Titled her Forums and created her sub-forums for Vocabulary and Letter Responses.

We are learning from each other: how to do things; how to improve process.

Sanjiv

WATCH, VIEW

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/17/2019 11:50:52
Subject: Simulating a society
------------------------------------------------------------
Good morning Everyone,

We will address all difficulties in the fishbowl today.

We will discuss the purpose and logic of the fishbowl.

The Fishbowl is a communicative practice. Mostly in your head.

In the ever-changing world (thanks to visual networks), new platforms often lead to momentous formations that dramatically transform our understanding. 

Your fishbowls are growing digital life forms. They are laboratories of the future and they are essential tools of a controversial new scientific method.

This new method is founded not on direct observation and experiment but on the mapping of the universe from real space into cyberspace. The world in a grain of sand! There is a whole new science happening here---the science of simulation.

Sanjiv

PLATFORM, MOMENTOUS, FORMATION, DRAMATIC, TRANSFORM, UNDERSTANDING, MAPPING, SIMULATE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/16/2019 14:01:26
Subject: re-structuring again
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Please REVIEW Juell Milder's process below. It is an excellent first attempt and COURAGE must always be applauded. 

Courage is a sign of leadership, as we all know.

Now let us proceed to “critique" it. 

“Criticism,” please google, is a pedagogical tool. Good to have some aspect of it under your belt. Or, at least to know what it means.

An aside: At RISD and Brown, their Adms. invite faculty from along the eastern seaboard to critique students’ work. Makes for interesting interaction with students.

In this instance, you may PRESUME that I REPRESENT UMass, Amherst, Indian Administrative Service, Delhi School of Economics, St.Stephens College and Lawrence School, Sanawar. That’s 5 different points of views and experiences; perspectives. 

We each have a "pre-individual" that affects our PERCEPTION of the world in the present moment. It is good to get at the pre-individual, as early as possible. More on this later.

BTW, talking about perception, many thinkers believe the world to be in a state of perceptual CRISIS.

That’s Huge.

Coming to the text below: 

There is an opening SYNTAX in a. This OPENING, MAKES an ENTRANCE, a STANCE and an ATTITUDE. It sets the stage (theatre metaphor) for what is to follow in EMPTY SPACE. What is to be DEPICTED.

Numbers i to viii are fine-tuning and highlighting NUANCE in the meaning of key words.

The last sentence is the RE-STRUCTURE.

The question that always remains: can you re-structure again and do better?

Sanjiv

From the fishbowl...

a.	Imaginization- “Precise meaning and significance will vary according to the frame of reference through which it is viewed.” 

i.	Precise- exactness 

ii.	Meaning- The significance of something

iii.	Significance- with meaning

iv.	Vary- To show difference 

v.	According – agreeing 

vi.	Frame- to make a border enclosing something

vii.	Reference – the action of mentioning to something 

viii.	View- to have sight of something 

b.	For each word go to dictionary and write the meaning of the words

c.	Coming up with a sentence with that domain of words- don’t need all the words

“Though beliefs vary, they hold much significance according to a person’s viewpoint or frame of reference.”

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/15/2019 21:28:11
Subject: Question
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Fraser,

I sent a pdf of instructions for the fishbowl. I’m attaching it below again.

First go to www.sanjivdugal.net.

Then register and follow instructions in pdf.

Page 5 of instructions there are two links. Go there to activate your account.

You’re now in the fishbowl.

Click on your name with your group in BS-2.

Click on New Topic.

Put Topic Subject as 1 to 6 listed below.

Before Submit always Preview.

Do your postings now under your topic head. Post reply whenever you post something new under the topic; that way all postings will scroll under one Topic

Vocabulary are the the words that I capitalize in my letters.

I think this should do it. If you ‘re worried, you don’t need to read others at this time. It will further confuse you. Just do your vocabulary and read my letters to you. Do google searches. One sentence of value.

We are learning at our own pace and we are embracing chaos because we are learning to bring order to it.

BUS345 is Business in Society and I will refer to it as BS-1 and BS-2 or just Society.

BUS 443 is Organizational Design and Change and I will refer to it as Design.

THe methodologies are similar in the two courses. You are learning a new technology of writing. More on that later. Expect Cognitive Resistance on your part, but stay with it. You are developing a creative process and a practice. Give it time.

Best of luck!

Sanjiv

CHAOS, CONFUSION, EMBRACE, RESISTANCE

On Sep 15, 2019, at 3:07 PM, Fraser Bahre <fraser_bahre@my.uri.edu> wrote:

I am also having trouble understanding. Where are the files, and the topic list below? 

1. VOCABULARY: UNDERSTANDING CONCEPTS

2. TAKING AND MAKING NOTES

3. GOOGLE SEARCHES

4. REFLECTIONS ON LETTERS

5. INDIVIDUAL ASSIGNMENTS

6. INTERACTIVE ASSIGNMENTS

Is this on fishbowl? I am also listed in a group in Business in Society 2. I am in BUS345.

Have a great rest of your weekend,

Fraser Bahre

On Sun, Sep 15, 2019 at 9:15 AM Sanjiv Dugal <sanjivdugal@gmail.com> wrote:

Hi Chengna,

Thank you for your email and it’s no bother. You have RAISED your questions and SHARED your feelings at the RIGHT time and MOMENT.

Please open files under the following TOPICS:

1. VOCABULARY: UNDERSTANDING CONCEPTS

2. TAKING AND MAKING NOTES

3. GOOGLE SEARCHES

4. REFLECTIONS ON LETTERS

5. INDIVIDUAL ASSIGNMENTS

6. INTERACTIVE ASSIGNMENTS

In each of the above 6 Topics you will have Postings that are reflective (self-reflexive) in nature. More on this later.

You are encouraged to read other postings and become "socially reflexive.” More on this later too.

You only post in your own space and in your group, but you set up a practice of reading other postings.

Every Topic should scroll down your postings. You must hit Post Reply under that Topic.

After you are comfortable in the fishbowl, you will learn to develop processes and practices of posting under the above topics...for the rest of the semester, and beyond.

Sanjiv

C: BUS 345

On Sep 15, 2019, at 1:14 AM, Chengna Xiao <chengna_xiao@my.uri.edu> wrote:

Good evening professor,

sorry for bothering you at night, may I ask what’s the homework? What’s the homework topic? Does homework post on fishbowl? I kinda confused due to so much information.

Thanks 

Chengna

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/15/2019 21:27:00
Subject: Question
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Fraser,

I sent a pdf of instructions for the fishbowl. I’m attaching it below again.

First go to www.sanjivdugal.net.

Then register and follow instructions in pdf.

Page 5 of instructions there are two links. Go there to activate your account.

You’re now in the fishbowl.

Click on your name with your group in BS-2.

Click on New Topic.

Put Topic Subject as 1 to 6 listed below.

Before Submit always Preview.

Do your postings now under your topic head. Post reply whenever you post something new under the topic; that way all postings will scroll under one Topic

Vocabulary are the the words that I capitalize in my letters.

I think this should do it. If you ‘re worried, you don’t need to read others at this time. It will further confuse you. Just do your vocabulary and read my letters to you. Do google searches. One sentence of value.

We are learning at our own pace and we are embracing chaos because we are learning to bring order to it.

BUS345 is Business in Society and I will refer to it as BS-1 and BS-2 or just Society.

BUS 443 is Organizational Design and Change and I will refer to it as Design.

THe methodologies are similar in the two courses. You are learning a new technology of writing. More on that later. Expect Cognitive Resistance on your part, but stay with it. You are developing a creative process and a practice. Give it time.

Best of luck!

Sanjiv

CHAOS, CONFUSION, EMBRACE, RESISTANCE

On Sep 15, 2019, at 3:07 PM, Fraser Bahre <fraser_bahre@my.uri.edu> wrote:

I am also having trouble understanding. Where are the files, and the topic list below? 

1. VOCABULARY: UNDERSTANDING CONCEPTS

2. TAKING AND MAKING NOTES

3. GOOGLE SEARCHES

4. REFLECTIONS ON LETTERS

5. INDIVIDUAL ASSIGNMENTS

6. INTERACTIVE ASSIGNMENTS

Is this on fishbowl? I am also listed in a group in Business in Society 2. I am in BUS345.

Have a great rest of your weekend,

Fraser Bahre

On Sun, Sep 15, 2019 at 9:15 AM Sanjiv Dugal <sanjivdugal@gmail.com> wrote:

Hi Chengna,

Thank you for your email and it’s no bother. You have RAISED your questions and SHARED your feelings at the RIGHT time and MOMENT.

Please open files under the following TOPICS:

1. VOCABULARY: UNDERSTANDING CONCEPTS

2. TAKING AND MAKING NOTES

3. GOOGLE SEARCHES

4. REFLECTIONS ON LETTERS

5. INDIVIDUAL ASSIGNMENTS

6. INTERACTIVE ASSIGNMENTS

In each of the above 6 Topics you will have Postings that are reflective (self-reflexive) in nature. More on this later.

You are encouraged to read other postings and become "socially reflexive.” More on this later too.

You only post in your own space and in your group, but you set up a practice of reading other postings.

Every Topic should scroll down your postings. You must hit Post Reply under that Topic.

After you are comfortable in the fishbowl, you will learn to develop processes and practices of posting under the above topics...for the rest of the semester, and beyond.

Sanjiv

C: BUS 345

On Sep 15, 2019, at 1:14 AM, Chengna Xiao <chengna_xiao@my.uri.edu> wrote:

Good evening professor,

sorry for bothering you at night, may I ask what’s the homework? What’s the homework topic? Does homework post on fishbowl? I kinda confused due to so much information.

Thanks 

Chengna

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/15/2019 13:18:30
Subject: logistics
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Chengna,

Thank you for your email and it’s no bother. You have RAISED your questions and SHARED your feelings at the RIGHT time and MOMENT.

Please open files under the following TOPICS:

1. VOCABULARY: UNDERSTANDING CONCEPTS

2. TAKING AND MAKING NOTES: RE-DESIGNING TEXT

3. GOOGLE SEARCHES

4. REFLECTIONS ON LETTERS

5. INDIVIDUAL ASSIGNMENTS

6. INTERACTIVE ASSIGNMENTS

In each of the above 6 Topics you will have Postings that are reflective (self-reflexive) in nature. More on this later.

You are encouraged to read other postings and become "socially reflexive.” More on this later too.

You only post in your own space and in your group, but you set up a practice of reading other postings.

Every Topic should scroll down your postings. You must hit Post Reply under that Topic.

After you are comfortable in the fishbowl, you will learn to develop processes and practices of posting under the above topics...for the rest of the semester, and beyond.

Sanjiv

C: BUS 345

On Sep 15, 2019, at 1:14 AM, Chengna Xiao <chengna_xiao@my.uri.edu> wrote:

Good evening professor,

sorry for bothering you at night, may I ask what’s the homework? What’s the homework topic? Does homework post on fishbowl? I kinda confused due to so much information.

Thanks 

Chengna

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/15/2019 13:17:53
Subject: logistics
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Chengna,

Thank you for your email and it’s no bother. You have RAISED your questions and SHARED your feelings at the RIGHT time and MOMENT.

Please open files under the following TOPICS:

1. VOCABULARY: UNDERSTANDING CONCEPTS

2. TAKING AND MAKING NOTES: RE-DESIGNING TEXT

3. GOOGLE SEARCHES

4. REFLECTIONS ON LETTERS

5. INDIVIDUAL ASSIGNMENTS

6. INTERACTIVE ASSIGNMENTS

In each of the above 6 Topics you will have Postings that are reflective (self-reflexive) in nature. More on this later.

You are encouraged to read other postings and become "socially reflexive.” More on this later too.

You only post in your own space and in your group, but you set up a practice of reading other postings.

Every Topic should scroll down your postings. You must hit Post Reply under that Topic.

After you are comfortable in the fishbowl, you will learn to develop processes and practices of posting under the above topics...for the rest of the semester, and beyond.

Sanjiv

C: BUS 345

On Sep 15, 2019, at 1:14 AM, Chengna Xiao <chengna_xiao@my.uri.edu> wrote:

Good evening professor,

sorry for bothering you at night, may I ask what’s the homework? What’s the homework topic? Does homework post on fishbowl? I kinda confused due to so much information.

Thanks 

Chengna

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/14/2019 15:52:38
Subject: developing a process
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

I can see you have dived into the fishbowl. 

A lot of words like missiles, resulting in confusion and ‘cognitive dissonance’ (please google). 

We experience this in our daily lives…until we develop a process.

You are in the process of developing a process. 

After that, we practice our process, so long it works.

PRACTICE, PROCESS

Take a look at this youtube. You’ll begin to get some idea of the learning challenge we are facing.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZBxZC9I6xyk

Assignment: As you watch the above youtube (13 minutes), please SELECT ten phrases and write them down under Notes. You are visualizing.

Sanjiv

DEVELOP, VISUALIZE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/14/2019 1:11:11
Subject: a designer's notes
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

We learn from each other’s notes. I love the way the Notes below range widely. The author’s (sschultheiss22) mind is wonderfully free and her associations interesting and sometimes profound---a marvelous and interesting text.

What exactly is the importance of your Notes? It’s a rich portfolio of experiences, adventures, and failures that teach vital lessons. Your notes raise questions about life that we all ask about one’s meaning and purpose in the world; questions such as: How do I find a job that I like or maybe even love? ... How do I balance my career with my family? ... How can I make a difference in the world?

We all want answers to these questions. We’re just not sure how to go about finding them, or where or how to begin. And we feel the we don’t have the tools to find our way. Designers love questions, but what they really love is ‘reframing' questions. The reframing for the question “What do I want to do when I graduate?” is “What do I want to grow into?”

Sanjiv

RANGE, ASSOCIATION, NOTES, REFRAME, GRADUATE, GROW

From the fishbowl... an example of a designer’s notes.

The Fishbowl

The Fishbowl as a pedagogical device, is engagement through exchange of words, not lecturing mass audiences.

NOTES

Page 1 of 1

Posted: Tue Sep 10, 2019 11:20 am

by sschultheiss22

September 4, 2019 BUS 443

Notes for Dugal:

•	Vocab = $$$$

•	The textbook is not about context is it about process

•	You will be graded on your notes

•	Active learning

o	Google it

o	What you are doing is creating value

	Taking notes and making notes

	Looking for one sentence to hang your hat on

	Link your sentence to active learning

	Post that sentence, Group members post their notes

•	A better sense of what is going on in the class

•	Designing innovated organizations (your group of three)

o	On your resume, you want to be able to write that you are a design analysis 

o	You are working towards being the solution

	Starts with the design

•	It is hard because going to affect our behavior

•	Critical

•	Design thinks iterative 

o	Checking the spelling and meaning 

•	Crisis in perception 

o	My perception is determined by words

o	Words are categories

o	ID the problem

•	Not writing to be judged

o	Construct a unique original sentence

	Willing to die for

	Owning up to your own text

	Create it any way you like

	Get to meaning across

	Learning how to write a sentence

	To write a good sentence is everything

•	Sentence by sentence

•	Enhance it

•	Syllabus

o	Do not email directly 

	Class time questions will be addressed

o	Letters from Dugal

	Working on your own time with the text

o	NO EXAMS

o	Always working for groups

	Can read each other texts

	Do your own work since it will take a shorter time

	Challenging since you are creating something

o	If you wish to meet outside the class: Do By Appointment

	We do not want to get left behind

	Change your vocab

o	Digital Footprint

	Dugal works for us

	We own 75% of him

	The class ask interesting on the spot question and the rest of the world has become dumb

	The paper gets excepted and your name will be on the paper 

•	Culture Capital- BOURDIEU- Super gods

o	Building

o	You want to join them

	Start early

o	Bottom line

	Comes down to vocab

	Learn new words

•	In this course, we go at it one word at a time

o	Einstein

	Raise new questions and new possibilities

	New words, new grammar

o	This course has a lot to do with Images and metaphors and designing them 

o	Introduction

	Deploying (lookup) for creating innovated outcomes 

•	Organization = Certain kind of communication among the group

	Innovation does not mean a new product design

•	Breaking down problems with our new grammar we are building

o	The Fishbowl

	Creates a network

•	The level of learning of engagement with each other texts

	Example: Movies… “What did you think”

•	Not how you are supposed to respond

o	Say now: “let me think about it and get back to you”

o	Learn to engaged with texts

o	Don’t get the car door slammed in your face!

•	Level of engagement 

o	Raise it

•	Felt experiences

o	Outcomes how value to you and viewers

o	System for communication

	Produces knowledge and Knowing

	Knowing something from a felt experience

•	Now you are creating it into knowledge

•	They have to have value = selling

o	Reference Textbooks

	You can buy it but you do not have to

	Engages with words and texts = $$

	Letters

•	There are a lot of letters

•	You should keep them because you are paying them

•	How to use the letter

o	Dugal’s job to teach you

•	Work at your own pace

•	We have to see the value of your work

o	Valuable to the viewer or reader

o	The method in the Fishbowl

	Organization your self 

•	First-person action research- Lookup

	Textual Turn

o	Performance

	Must show up, and tune in

•	Create dialogue 

•	Making a commitment

o	Read and respond in a timely manner

	What it takes to much work for you

	Every word has an image to it

	This is what is going on

•	Dugal’s job to show us that

•	Do not let your group down

•	How do you exchange views?

•	Common goal

•	Share your process

o	Evaluation and Assessment 

	It is saying the same thing again and again

•	It is about vocab and engages with your group members

	All you need is a good dictionary 

•	Invest in a small dictionary 

•	Always stay engaged with the text

	You need to read things that interest you

•	Get into as a practice

o	You will never be “lonely”

	The answers are straight from the dictionary

o	Grading

	Notes:

•	Go into the dictionary to break own your notes

•	Making notes inside and outside what is happening to you

o	Always bringing the outside in

o	Doing something with the information you are receiving 

	Summaries, Recollections, Revisions, and focusing 

	Vocab

•	A useful tool for communicated and gaining knowledge

	Interpreting Letter

•	Pay Attention

o	Deciding if it is important enough to go deeper and down that course

•	Dugal will show is it is not hard

o	Emotion and Focus

•	Break down the letters to your own meaning and adding a felt experience

o	By rewriting the sentence to make sense to you

o	Deconstruction 

	It goes from a simple sentence to more a complex sentence to make a creation

	Poststructuralist- Lookup

	Everything became text and image

o	You want to do it OG

	It is not about better or good

o	Four Exercises:

	Your way of doing knowledge

	The exercises you will be giving the steps from Dugal

	When we meet it is more is to talk about what we were doing in the Fishbowl

•	Class is to help us get our homework on the way

o	Remarks

	Attitude is Key

o	Can be out by Thanksgiving

o	EMPOWER YOUR WORK

	Work is equal, they are no favorites

	Do not miss class, because you will lose the thread

	30 minutes every day

•	Focus on words in the fishbowl 

•	Breakdown words from the letter

	No Stress

Re: NOTES

Posted: Wed Sep 11, 2019 6:43 pm

by sschultheiss22

September 11, 2019	BUS443

•	You are osmium: you are vibing the learning

o	Learning how to connect and communicate

o	Learning Design thinking

•	GOOGLE SEARCH

o	Dugal will always tell us when he is going to email-

o	Google the author's name that is sent to us

o	When you google: Not to cut and paste, and details that are not necessary

o	Do not want to send it again

o	When you google search the author-name

	What sentence did you select?

	That represents the authors meaning

	That how to the learning is going to happen

	Copy one sentence

•	VOCAB:

o	Learning process

	Example: mechanic polishing his tool

•	To decide which one he is going to use

	Is it key, you cannot do a thing without vocab?

	No use of copy and paste it from a computer

	Fat dictionary and turning the pages slowly

	Design thinking is not rocket science

	Apply and get experience it

	Design thinking is all the rage these

	Creates meaning for you

	You have to decide that

	You want to create value for yourself

	Someone is going to read it

•	They have to benefit from it

	You are working independently

•	Creating value for your group

•	Don’t post if you are not creating value

o	Why are you in the class if you?

•	LETTERS:

o	Deconstructing the letters

o	Your reflection

	Skills to see if they are up to a certain standard

o	Learn the technique of deconstruction

o	You are not going ask to deconstruct the whole Letter

o	Break down a sentence and reflect upon that

•	Algorism with TEN Steps- FIVE SUBJECT MATTERS

o	How to interact 

o	The ten steps take you places and then they are done

o	You have to master the ten steps

o	The sooner you get that done soon you will get on your way

o	You already know what Dugal is talking about

o	Dugal needs to show us film

o	You are not designing a product

	You are designing an organization 

	If you get the old design nothing is going to happen

	You are learning how to design

	Interactively between the groups, you are in

	Learning concepts

o	Your whole world view will change

	Dugal’s goal= to change our life

•	By redesigning the way, you make decisions

•	THE FISHBOWL

o	Signup if you have not and make your user name the first name

o	We are BUS443

o	Read all Letters

	Keep absorbing it

	You are learning a practice

•	Means everyone and all the time

•	The more you do it, the better you are going to get out it

	The old platform fell apart

•	New one Dugal needs to get used to it

	Trying to generate an audience for your product

o	The key thing to design thinking

	“Living Text” GOOGLE IT

	If it is not living text, it is known as “Dead space”

	It is your space

	You get to know each other to any way you like

	There is no judgment to it

	Every semester becomes redundant

	We want to reach the point when we are on our own

•	Your learning between you and the sentence that you construct

•	It occurs in your head through reflection

•	It is personal to you- your mind and the sentence you are constructing

o	To make it your own

o	You take ownership

o	It becomes your sentence

o	You get a feeling you are willing to die for it

	You will get to that point very soon

	Do not copy other people’s sentences

•	IDEAS

o	Your sentences have Ideas

o	Idea = Words

o	When do you say you do not have ideas?

	Mean you don’t have any words

o	Example: Paul did not have words

	Paul used his angry and punched the wall

	That what it is about

•	It is about words

o	You need to reflex upon what you are observing

	You want to think about it

	For example Movies

	Building words and creating a design from those words

	immerse yourself in texts

•	You are thinking the word all the time

•	You take in one word at a time

•	“SELECTION”

o	Out of those words

o	You are off on your own with your selection

o	Select with care

o	Hands-on practical course

o	All we talk about concepts

	DUGAL likes BUS 443

•	He connects with us

•	The mind needs Food

o	Words are Values

	What are your values?

	What are your selective words?

	We are learning to be Maximum to see the greatest

	The most effective use of time

	You are required to be thinking a lot

	Dugal’s job is to focus our thinking 

•	So, we can create value

•	COFFEE SHOP

o	Dugal work requires original thought

o	Try to write a sentence that is original to you

o	Empty your mind

	Mediation

•	We are very distracted

•	Watch the energy that you get out of that

•	“wonder woman” of words

•	First assignment: SOCIAL MEETING WITH YOUR GROUP

o	You are talking about yourself

	Personal life

	You are talking to each other about who you are

	Once that is done the fishbowl flies

	When we connect at a certain level

•	Knockdown barriers

•	Work goes faster

•	The work you come out with at the end of the semester is so great

•	Dugal submits an abstract what we are doing

•	Your name and word end up getting put into the conference

o	Working for a digital footprint

o	That time will come very soon

o	It will be a breeze

o	When you are good at management, all these things get taking care of

•	Social meeting exercise

o	He will cancel a class so that you can meet your group

o	It is only going to take one meeting, and you are meeting at your own

o	Open-ended meeting

	There is no agenda and time limit

•	Pre-Individual 

o	That before you want to write down what you are feeling

o	We are big on feeling

o	Write out what we are feeling

o	We do not know what to say or what to think

o	1980- men did not know what feeling about it

	“what do you what I feel about it”

o	We are not in touch with your images

	That what the game has become now

o	Writing your true feeling	

	Example: 

o	Ethnos Graphic notes- GOOGLE

o	At the moment writing it down

•	Set up the time and you agree to meet at that time

o	Now you show up for the meeting

o	Chatting your way and having a good time

o	Begin will be shyness and awkwardness

•	After the meeting, you are writing down what happens in the meeting

o	You want to get all the details you can remember down

o	Taking it all down

o	The longer the notes are the better your outcome

•	Circle Six words (Symbols) from your notes

•	Pair the six words in three pairs

o	The words you are comparing

	Are not associated with each other

	That you have never seen together in a sentence

	“putting two colors putting together.”

	Hit it, or you don’t

•	Go into the dictionary for those words and you are writing it out

o	Two words at a time

o	Bunch of words from the dictionary

o	You are creating a simple sentence

•	Do not worry about doing it wrong

•	Do not hold back

o	“Kick the BALL”

	The sentence will open up

•	You will have created three sentences

o	Are independent of the social meeting

o	It is a word game

	Treat it like that

•	The sentences are the framework for you to interpret your social meeting

o	What is Framing?

o	What is interpreting?

•	The sentence on top where you there is the social meeting summary on the tip

•	LOOK UP- Description and incidents

•	Learning from the dictionary

•	Get to love dictionary

o	That will see you through

o	Taking notes is very important

o	Woman take more notes

o	Money= Creating digital Text

o	It has to have value, and you will get paid for it

•	Notes are always private, but if you share them it is helpful

•	Those words you have select with great care

•	You get better at it

•	The sentence is an abstractive

•	It is not in the first person

o	No “I” or restaurants

•	A short paragraph is describing what happened at the meeting

•	Each person had an entirely different experience

o	It brings you closer

o	Paradox’s- When we share our difference, we get closer to each other’s

o	When you do your work,

	He is extremely happy to give me a letter of recommendation

•	You have to do the work

•	Your work skills

•	Your work skills tell who you are

•	Dugal needs to see your learning

•	Your creations when you open the dictionary

•	Flood gates get opens

o	Once you see it your work is amazing

•	This assignment should be gone at the beginning

o	Get it out of the way

o	One week off to get it done

•	Print a hard copy to give to Dugal

o	You won’t be kept in the dark about it

o	Give the grade to yourself

•	Second assignment: 

o	Imagination- the art of creating

	“The precise meaning and significance will vary according to the frame of reference through which it is viewed.” 

	Keyword:

•	Precise, meaning, significance, vary, according, frame, reference, view

•	Each of the eight words, you are going into the dictionary you are copying out the meaning of these

•	You are looking at these words and not rushing them

•	You are coming up with a sentence

o	Edited it multiple times,

o	Showed them to Dugal many times

o	And then you submit it

•	It is just a sentence you came up with

•	Morph your sentence like an artist, but instead of painting it will be with words

•	You have to focus in because you have to make those selections

•	We are learning to do that because we are distracted all the time

•	CREATING ONE SENTENCE

o	You do not have the use of all the words or meaning

o	Have to be brave

	Without feeling fear

o	Next class watching a film

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/13/2019 14:54:29
Subject: sharing what we see when we read
------------------------------------------------------------
Letter: sharing what we see when we read

Hi Everyone,

We are at the beginning of a series of letters (around 100) during the course of the semester. 

The question we’re confronted with, particularly in a digital environment, is always the same one: what do I say? 

What is the opening line? 

Where and when do I enter?

Theatre is a good metaphor to see our selves.

THEATRE, METAPHOR, SEE, IMAGE

So, what is your move?

What is the play?

What is the frame?

What is the structure?

What is the scene? 

MOVE, PLAY, FRAME, STRUCTURE, SCENE

What should I say, when I lean across the aisle?

ACROSS, AISLE

What is the opening sentence? 

Your first thought? 

Your image?

Your feeling?

What is your syntax?

SYNTAX

Difficult questions.

You are interpreting my letter, in the moment of reading, by raising the question: what do my words mean? 

And, you answer this question by becoming a hub (a centre-point) in a “network of information” that technology allows for endless expansion and re-configuration (of your network). We’re becoming this hub through our senses whenever we scroll text and images on our digital screens. We’re in a continual state of “becoming” (please google with Deleuze).

In this way, you CONJURE images in your mind and feelings in your body with regards to my (or anyone else’s) text.

What do you ‘see’ when you read is a relevant question today.

RELEVANT

This relevancy (what we ‘see’ when we read) is born out of our singularity and difference.

In this circumstance, connecting across differences is the way forward into the future. 

Connectivity is our destiny.

Sharing what we see when we read one word at a time.

Sanjiv

READING, INTERPRET, PROCESS, HUB, NETWORK, BECOME (please google Deleuze), SINGULARITY, DIFFERENCE, CONNECT, DESTINY

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/13/2019 14:47:19
Subject: sharing what we 'see' when we read
------------------------------------------------------------
Letter: sharing what we see when we read

Hi Everyone,

We are at the beginning of a series of letters (around 100) during the course of the semester. 

The question we’re confronted with, particularly in a digital environment, is always the same one: what do I say? 

What is the opening line? 

Where and when do I enter?

Theatre is a good metaphor to see our selves.

THEATRE, METAPHOR, SEE, IMAGE

So, what is your move?

What is the play?

What is the frame?

What is the structure?

What is the scene? 

MOVE, PLAY, FRAME, STRUCTURE, SCENE

What should I say, when I lean across the aisle?

ACROSS, AISLE

What is the opening sentence? 

Your first thought? 

Your image?

Your feeling?

What is your syntax?

SYNTAX

Difficult questions.

You are interpreting my letter, in the moment of reading, by raising the question: what do my words mean? 

And, you answer this question by becoming a hub (a centre-point) in a “network of information” that technology allows for endless expansion and re-configuration (of your network). We’re becoming this hub through our senses whenever we scroll text and images on our digital screens. We’re in a continual state of “becoming” (please google with Deleuze).

In this way, you CONJURE images in your mind and feelings in your body with regards to my (or anyone else’s) text.

What do you ‘see’ when you read is a relevant question today.

RELEVANT

This relevancy (what we ‘see’ when we read) is born out of our singularity and difference.

In this circumstance, connecting across differences is the way forward into the future. 

Connectivity is our destiny.

Sharing what we see when we read one word at a time.

Sanjiv

READING, INTERPRET, PROCESS, HUB, NETWORK, BECOME (please google Deleuze), SINGULARITY, DIFFERENCE, CONNECT, DESTINY

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/12/2019 15:37:09
Subject: re-structuring text
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

Please see annamelby’s posting below. 

Whenever we re-structure a text, we create value. 

This is a non-terminating process.

Whenever we share our process, we create further value.

That is why sharing process is important.

Remember, learning occurs in the head, upon reflection, and in solitude.

And so we must commit to reading each other’s text, and to compare and contrast with one’s own.

It’s all done in the head and is known as Reflection.

Reflection is a practice.

Please google Don Schon: The Reflective Practitioner. 

He was the first.

Sanjiv

RE-STRUCTURE, CREATE, VALUE, SHARE, PROCESS, PRACTICE, REFLECTION, SOLITUDE, LEARNING

From the fishbowl...

annamelby

Posts: 1

Joined: Mon Sep 09, 2019 7:56 pm

Contact: Contact annamelby

Unread post by annamelby » Wed Sep 11, 2019 11:00 pm

“I am looking at you, looking at me, looking at you” 

The full version comes from the novel "Read Me" Leo Bendictus: "We look into each other´s eyes and suddenly I am looking at you, looking at me, looking at you looking at me looking at you". This was a significant way of symbolizing love in its deepest and truest form. 

Quote Professor Sanjiv Dugal “ Keep your eyes open, do not blink”. Be in the moment, be aware of your surroundings and be curious.

We learn through symbolic interaction, which is a theory that develops from practical considerations and alludes to people's particular utilization of dialect to make images and normal implications, for deduction and correspondence with others based on the work of Charles Horton Cooley and George Herbert Mead. 

We learn through sharing, imagination and experience, which together formed images of how we individually see the world. One must understand how people in society see the world in order to learn and function in a well balanced matter. 

Outcomes from this class discussion: 

1. We are learning one word at a time.

2. We are learning how to create word structure (sentences).

3. We are sharing the images that these words evoke.

As we do all of these things we become a society and "to form a society you have to share your felt experiences". 

"You can have anything you want if you learn how to structure image and text in a manner that makes it impossible to say no to you". 

Vocabulary: 

Sociality: the instance of social intercourse or sociability, the tendency to associate in or form social groups. "This parceling of jobs is the defining feature of the most extreme form of social society, called eusociality or true sociality".

Individuation: Individuation is the process by which an individual becomes distinct. Individuation distinguishes you from everybody else. The word individual is a good clue to the meaning of individuation, which is how a being becomes an independent, separate entity.

Gilbert Simondon - French Philosopher: Gilbert Simondon was a French philosopher best known for his theory of individuation, a major source of inspiration for Gilles Deleuze and Bernard Stiegler.

Reflection -important: serious thought or consideration. 

Flow (Image of things flowing, like water): to move with a continual change of place among the constituent particles

Text, words (linked to images): the original words and form of a written or printed work and an edited or emended copy of an original work.

Jarques Derrida → Deconstruction (this is the steps we will be following for deconstructing words/text): Originated by philosopher Jacques Derrida, deconstruction is an approach to understanding the relationship between text and meaning. Derrida's approach consisted of conducting readings of texts looking for things that run counter to the intended meaning or structural unity of a particular text.

Kaputt: utterly finished, defeated, or destroyed

Anthony Giddens → Social Reflexivity: Giddens introduces reflexivity and in information societies information gathering is considered as a routinised process for the greater protection of the nation. Information gathering is known as the concept of individuation. Individuality comes as a result of individuation as people are given more informed choices. The more information the government has about a person, the more entitlements are given to the citizens. 

Practice and process: A method, procedure, process, or rule used in a particular field or profession; a set of these regarded as standard.

Thank you for the letters and looking forward to the semester!

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/12/2019 14:27:01
Subject: Virtual Reality: Our Digital Escape
------------------------------------------------------------
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjrL6kZKgP4

Hi Everyone,

Please see the above youtube. 13 minutes.

I suggest seeing it in bits and pieces.

Stop and reflect repeatedly.

Please select and post 10 phrases from the video.

Thank you.

Sanjiv

REFLECT, REPEAT, PHRASE, SELECT

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/12/2019 1:04:21
Subject: making space
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

It takes focus to tune-in with Feelings and Images and Words. Emotions are evoked by Text and Images. Always has been. This trinity drives our actions. Furthermore, it is now on our digital screens and at our finger-tips. The images we see on our screens are determined by the decisions we make on our key boards. Thereby we evoke emotions felt in our bodies.

There is an overlap of the two courses 443 and 345 and the letters will be common. This is because we have to get up to speed with things like metaphor, framework, distance, perspective, imagination, space, experience, learning,.... However, the difference is in the subject matter; the contemplation is different for Society and Design.

In both courses, you are Making Space. Consciously or not, we feel and internalize what the space tells us about how to work. When you enter the third floor of Ballantine, the space tells you that it’s meant for a group of people to work alone.

In BUS345 we are making a social space among ourselves.

In BUS443, we are designing an innovative space.

Sanjiv

FOCUS, EVOKE, CONTEMPLATE, DIFFERENCE, MAKING, DESIGNING, SPACE, SOCIAL, INNOVATIVE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/12/2019 1:02:39
Subject: making space
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

It takes focus to tune-in with Feelings and Images and Words. Emotions are evoked by Text and Images. Always has been. This trinity drives our actions. Furthermore, it is now on our digital screens and at our finger-tips. The images we see on our screens are determined by the decisions we make on our key boards. Thereby we evoke emotions felt in our bodies.

There is an overlap of the two courses 443 and 345 and the letters will be common. This is because we have to get up to speed with things like metaphor, framework, distance, perspective, imagination, space, experience, learning,.... However, the difference is in the subject matter; the contemplation is different for Society and Design.

In both courses, you are Making Space. Consciously or not, we feel and internalize what the space tells us about how to work. When you enter the third floor of Ballantine, the space tells you that it’s meant for a group of people to work alone.

In BUS345 we are making a social space among ourselves.

In BUS443, we are designing an innovative space.

Sanjiv

FOCUS, EVOKE, CONTEMPLATE, DIFFERENCE, MAKING, DESIGNING, SPACE, SOCIAL, INNOVATIVE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/11/2019 1:11:15
Subject: Welcome to the course
------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

What I really wanted to say, but time ran out, was Welcome. Welcome to the semester, welcome to the course, welcome to the activity of learning.

We’re in this together, so the welcome is to each other around the room. In the society, country, planet, galaxy, time-period, and culture that I grew up, we fold hands and say Namaste: it means, I salute the Divinity in you. 

That’s different! That’s deep, and I’m tired!

 

It is such differences, apart from being interesting, that we want to “individuate” in the course, and then collaborate across the stars to create a true and transparent meaning among ourselves; to make a sociality. And a buck!

Before I close, the Fishbowl is brand new, and as we all get used to it, there will be glitches and impediments that we’ll encounter. Patience is necessary, but your work must continue unabated. Please archive your work in your files. You will be building off everything you create and generate by way of Text and Images.

Thank you and welcome again!

Sanjiv

INDIVIDUATE (please google along with Gilbert Simondon), ACTIVITY, LEARNING, SOCIETY, SOCIALITY, UNABATED, ARCHIVE

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/9/2019 0:16:51
Subject: Syllabus: BUS443: Organizational Design &amp; Change
------------------------------------------------------------
UNIVERSITY OF RHODE ISLAND 

COLLEGE OF BUSINESS 

FALL, 2019

Instructor: Sanjiv S. Dugal, Ph.D.

Dept. of Entrepreneurship and Human Resource Management Email: sanjivdugal@uri.edu

Office: 314 Ballentine Hall

Office hours: Tue/Wed by Appointment

BUS443: Organizational Design and Change

“Imagination is more important than knowledge. To raise new questions, new possibilities, to regard old

problems from a new angle, requires creative imagination and marks real advance in science.”

Albert Einstein

I. Introduction

BUS443 is a step-by-step guide on deploying design thinking for creating innovative outcomes for organizing and organizations in digital space. 'Design thinking' is a mindset and method that can be applied to create a new challenge or endeavor within an online organization.

In the course, we define innovation as a viable offering (an idea expressed in text/image) that is new to a specific context and time, creating the provider and/or user-value. Using structured methods for observation, interpretation, reframing, ideation, prototyping, and planning, BUS443 will develop your abilities for deploying 'design thinking' for creating innovative outcomes.

II. Online Interactive Design for Change: The Fishbowl

In groups of three, you will develop a network (aka the Fishbowl) of interacting "knowledge-workers" and “design-thinkers” whose impact and value is determined by the level of engagement with each other's text.

Ultimately, in BUS443, you learn to design an interactive communication system that produces knowledge and knowing from felt-experiences and the outcomes have value to you as designer, and to others as viewers.

III. Reference Textbooks

1. Action Trumps Everything: Creating What You Want in an Uncertain World by Charles F. Kiefer and Leonard A. Schlesinger

with Paul B. Brown. Black Ink Press, 2010.

2. 'Living Text: Letters from the Fishbowl,' by Sanjiv S. Dugal, College of Business, Univ. of Rhode Island, Fall, 2019.

IV. Method in the Fishbowl

Facilitating processes for self-organization (both individually and collectively) is an important part of what you do in the course.

The following methodologies are used to facilitate your process: First Person Action Research, Social Constructivism, Design Thinking, Critical Engagement, Dialogism, Reflexivity,

Digital Literacy and Active Learning.

V. Performance: Practice and Commitment

Your work is done online and in your own time. However, you'll soon discover that in order to survive, you must show-up, turn-on and tune-in, every time. It is your focused presence that will develop conversation and dialogue in the group, and you begin the process of formulating a design. Furthermore, since there are few deadlines in the course, you have an increased responsibility to each other. You're making a commitment to your group members that you'll be there every time. What is expected of you is to read and respond to each other in a timely manner.

The following four relational practices will directly impact your performance in your social group:

1. Communication, i.e., dialogical exchange of views 

2. Collaboration, i.e., interactively creating something 

3. Cooperation, i.e., working towards a common goal 

4. Contribution, i.e., committing to sharing your process

VI. Evaluation and Assessment: Learning Process and Learning Outcome

Your work is evaluated on the basis of your group's final Design. HOW did you do it? It is your learning processes along with their outcomes that are of interest.

The cornerstone for evaluating your learning process and its outcome is twofold:

a. Transparency: is your learning process visible and self-evident? 

b. Authentic: is your learning outcome real and true?

Your final Design is really a Critical Thinking Model whose development is based upon three over-lapping activities during the semester:

1. Online group dynamics;

2. Levels of engagement; and,

3. Creating meaning and significance from group interaction.

In other words, your evaluation and assessment is based upon the following three questions and answers:

(1) How do you create a group dynamic that is visible (transparent) and true (authentic)?

Answer: By generating subjectivities, i.e., generating things dependent upon your mind and upon your

perceptions for their existence.

(2) How do you determine levels of engagement in your group that are visible and true?

Answer: By producing new ideas, thoughts and suggestions as to possible courses of action.

(3) How do you create meaning and significance from your group interaction?

Answer: By expanding your range of experiences, i.e., the range of events and occurrences that left an

impression on your minds.

VII. Grade Distribution

20% Taking and Making Notes

You're setting up a process for taking and making notes. This process is an important one because it involves making decisions and

engaging in thought processes, both inside and outside the classroom. It is Active Learning as note-taking and note-making, i.e.,

you're doing something with the information you're receiving. Active listening and active reading means active learning.

'Summaries, Recollections, Revisions and Focusing are four elements which together constitute Active Learning.'

10% Developing Vocabulary

Your vocabulary is the set of words within 'the language of the course' that becomes familiar to you over the semester. Your

vocabulary will serve as a useful and fundamental tool for communicating and acquiring knowledge during the semester.

Developing an extensive vocabulary is one of the largest challenges in learning anything new.

30% Interpreting Letters

You will receive over 100 letters from the Instructor during the semester. Whenever a letter points to a certain topic, pay close

attention to it. You are constantly assessing what you're listening and reading and, you're deciding whether it is important enough to

take further and probe deeper.

40% Four Exercises and Final Design

There will be four exercises that you will develop interactively in groups of three, during the period of the course. Your purpose in

completing these exercises is to develop a Critical Thinking Model that encapsulates your "way of doing knowledge."

Your Design (Critical Thinking Model) is then applied to a business situation. This application of your model is your final posting in your fishbowl. It is a group effort, submitted in three pages, typed double-space.

VIII. Concluding Remarks: Attitude and Motivation

Your attitude and motivation is calibrated by how important you consider the material that you're receiving. When something resonates, it motivates one to go deeper by discovering the essence of it. However, it is your attitude that holds the key. Active learning involves sitting in a good posture: slouching makes your brain slouch! Work is assigned online on a daily and a weekly basis and operates like a nested Russian Doll where each doll contains another smaller doll. Your final document is a group effort and is the smallest doll; 3 pages and typed double-space.

Welcome to BUS443

Addendum 1: Five Objectives stated by the University of Rhode Island:

1. Acquiring skills in working with others as a member of a team.

2. Developing creative capacities (writing, inventing, designing, performing).

3. Developing skill in expressing oneself in writing.

4. Learning how to critically evaluate ideas, arguments, and points of view. 5. Acquiring an interest in learning more by asking questions and seeking answers.

Success requires that you keep pace with the work, understand course concepts, and study effectively.

The Academic Enhancement Center (www.uri.edu/aec) is a great place to do this. At the AEC you can work alone or in groups, and

tutors and professional learning specialists are available to help you to learn, manage your time and work, and study well. The URI Writing Center, located in Roosevelt Hall 009 (lower level, Memorial Union end), offers one-on-one and small group peer tutoring for student writers in all majors who need help developing ideas or would benefit from advice on any aspect of writing. The WC serve all student writers, not just “beginners.” Writers are encouraged to bring a draft, notes, syllabus, or any relevant information to help facilitate the session. Appointments are 45 minutes in length and can be scheduled online at uri.mywconline.com. It's best to make appointments in advance, especially during midterms and finals, but we often have same-day and drop-in appointments available throughout the day so writers can stop by to see what's open. For more information visit uri.edu/aec/writing.

They’re open Monday through Thursday from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. and Fridays until 1 p.m. All services are free (the coffee is free as well!), and no appointment is needed. You can call them for complete information at 874-2367, or just stop by the center on the fourth floor of Roosevelt Hall.

Addendum 2: Technologies underlying BUS 443

I. Fishbowl Technologies

Knowledge Outcomes 

provider and user value 

knowledge-workers 

ways of doing knowledge

range of experiences 

range of caring 

learning processes 

learning outcomes 

levels of engagement 

generating subjectivities 

interactive systems 

felt experiences 

relational practices 

dialogical exchanges 

sharing processes 

creating interactively 

working towards commonality 

show-up, turn-on and tune-in 

focused presence 

conversation and dialog 

constant assessing 

discerning emerging story-line 

increasing responsibility 

making commitment 

timely response 

transparency and authenticity 

engagement and impact 

attitude and motivation 

fundamental tools 

vocabulary and discourse 

resonance and calibration 

meaning and significance

II. Social Technologies

Computer-Mediated Communication 

Cyber Behavior 

E-Collaboration

End-User Computing

Human Aspects of Business 

Human Aspects of Technology 

Human Resources Development 

Human Computer Interaction 

Knowledge Society

Social Networking 

Ubiquitous and Pervasive Computing 

Virtual Communities and Virtual Reality

III. Educational Technologies

Adult Learning 

Applied E-Learning 

Cognitive Learning

Computer-Assisted Language Learning 

Distance Education 

Virtual Learning Environments 

Web-Based Teaching and Learning

IV. Intelligent Technologies

Complex Adaptive Systems 

Cognitive Informatics 

Collective Intelligence 

Computational Intelligence 

Computational Linguistics 

Computer Image and Vision Processing Cybernetics

Thank You

------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 9/9/2019 0:14:18
Subject: Syllabus: BUS345: Business in Society
------------------------------------------------------------
UNIVERSITY OF Rhode Island

COLLEGE OF BUSINESS

FALL 2019

BUSINESS IN SOCIETY

BUS 345

INSTRUCTOR: SANJIV S. DUGAL

OFFICE HOURS: TUE/WED BY APPOINTMENT

“Word-work is sublime …. because it is generative; it makes meaning that secures our difference, our human difference—-the way in which we are like no other life. We die. That may be the meaning of life. But we do language. That may be the measure of our lives.”

—Toni Morrison

I. INTRODUCTION: BACKDROP TO THE COURSE

All major social changes are ultimately characterized by a transformation of space and time in the human experience. The most profound social change is taking place in the transformation of communication. New communication technologies are fostering the development of social spaces of visual reality. The Internet is the backbone of this global computer-mediated communication (CMC): it is the network that links up most computer networks. According to sources collected by Vinton Cerf, in 2001 the Internet connected about 63 million computer hosts, 950 million telephone terminations, five million level 2 domains, 3.6 million web sites and was used by 179 million people in more than 200 countries. The International Telecommunications Union reports that in 2010, the number of Internet users will surpass two billion. According to Internet World Stats, of these over 41 percent are in Asia, with North America accounting for 15.7 per cent of total users. Two thirds of global Internet users are non-English speakers enhancing the cross-cultural context of the Internet.

BUS345: Business in Society is placed within the framework of two fundamental transformations in our daily lives: the individualization of work and the fragmentation of societies. 

II. BUILDING A SOCIETY: THE NETWORK AND VISUAL REALITY

Participants develop two interrelated concepts during the course of the semester: The Network Society and Visual Reality. In groups of 3, you will develop a ‘flow’ of information which is a network shaped by algorithms and, continually accessible on your screens. The result is a visual reality, a ‘way of seeing’ and being in the world. 

A ‘way of seeing’ is the key manifestation of “the network society” according to Manuel Castells (The Rise of The Network Society, 2nd ed., 2010, Wiley-Blackwell). The underlying question being: what is your ‘way of seeing’ your world? What is the visual reality of your network society? In the course, you are developing networks and visual realities characterized by the instantaneous flow of word-images. Your networks reflect distinctive realities that are ‘individuations’ outside any academic or state regulation. That is to say, you are developing social relations (forms of relatedness) that are manifestations of your network and flow of information. 

(a) The Network Society: An Assemblage

It is natural to desire for a society of like-minded aesthetes who admire their assemblages of text and images (Bruno Latour). The desire to assemble is as much a metaphor for community as the aesthetic creation. Participating in assembly incarnates an ideal of plurality, of multiplicity and multifariousness. The student’s participation is dialogue and responsiveness; multifarious, accumulative, assemblages. You are artists, learners and writers. 

(b) A Visual Reality: Assembling Your World-View

Visual reality involves the things that we see, the mental model we all have on how to see, and what we can do as a result. That is why we call it visual reality: a reality of the visual. It is not simply the total amount of images that you see, such as YouTube. It is the relation between what is visible (image) and names (words) that you give to what is seen; word-images. This also involves what is invisible or kept out of sight. In short, we don’t simply see what is shown and call it a visual reality. Rather, we “assemble” a worldview that is constant with what we know and have already experienced. Visual reality is the study of how to understand something in a world too enormous to see but vital to imagine. Simply put, the question at stake in a visual world is how to see the world. More precisely, it involves how to see the world in a time of dynamic change and vastly expanded quantities of imagery, implying many different points of view arising from different networks of information. Visual reality regards images as central to the representation of meaning in the world.

III. COURSE METHOD: ETHNOGRAPHIC ACTION RESEARCH

Ethnographic Action Research (EAR) is a form of participatory action research. The ethnographic approach combined with action research means that the course builds upon notions of immersion, long-term engagement and understanding local contexts holistically. A foundational concept of EAR is ‘communicative ecologies.’ This involves paying attention to wider contexts of information and communication flows and channels, formal and informal, technical and social, to understand communication opportunities and barriers.

A communicative ecology is made up of communicative assemblages and refers to the complex systems of communication, media and information flows in a community. Whenever you start to notice HOW your group members communicate around certain themes, or HOW they accomplish certain tasks, you start to appreciate which channels and flows are used and why; and, how this relates to other possible uses, and therefore, where are the opportunities and barriers to a development initiative.

Basically, the course combines three approaches: participatory techniques, ethnography and action learning. Participatory techniques are used to help participants understand complex issues in an inclusive and participatory manner. Ethnography has traditionally been used to understand different cultures in detail, and reject preconceived ideas and categorize in favor of locally emergent ones. Action learning allows you to turn what you learn from re-search into actions, re-search those actions, and adjust and adapt accordingly.

IV. PHENOMENOLOGY

In the course, you work like phenomenologists whose dictum is: Describe phenomena. The things that are described denote any ordinary thing or object or event as it presents itself to your experience, rather than as it may or may not be in reality.To ‘describe’ is to strip away distractions, habits, cliches of thought, presumptions and received ideas, in order to return attention to what is called ‘things in themselves.’ To capture them exactly as they appear, rather than as we think they are supposed to be. Like wine-tasting. In the course, you ‘set aside’ or ‘bracket out’ theorizing and moralizing about what the thing is, so that you are left only with the intense and immediate experience of the phenomenon. The result is a great liberation. It frees you to talk about your experience as a serious topic of investigation. The course gives a formal mode of access to your human experience. 

You’re concerning yourselves with concrete felt-experiences. You talk about your own lives while still being methodical and rigorous. Your rigor has to do with describing phenomenon. Saying the music concert or the homework assignment was great is not enough. You have to stay loyal to describing experience. Traditionally, we began learning with abstract axioms or theories from textbooks. In this course, you’re going straight for life as you experience it, moment to moment. What does it mean to Be in this moment? Anticipation, perhaps? What is it for a thing, like ‘anticipation’ to be? Until you ask this, you will not get anywhere. The method is to disregard intellectual clutter and pay attention to ‘things’ and let them reveal themselves to you.

V. PRACTICE AND PROCESS

The method practiced is both a process and an outcome. It begins with the simple act of paying attention to a word with care and respect. Word practices are found in many traditions around the globe. It is having the awareness that arises by non-judgmentally paying attention on purpose in the present moment. Breathing is a big one! This awareness is a combination of receptivity, like listening, alertness and attentive presence. Letting everything else be in the background or letting it go entirely.

The course requires a different thinking; a thinking that knowing, reminds you, awakens you, brings you to yourself, transforms you. Besides claiming to transform the way you think about doing business in society, the course promises to change how you think about yourselves. In the end, you have no other interest than this: to reconnect with normal lived-experience. There is no traced-out path that will lead you; you must constantly invent your own path. But to invent it, you have to be free, responsible, without excuse, for every hope lies within you. In other words, you are to inhabit your world of ideas (words). You are not following a simplistic set of rules, but you are expected to show how you are living your ideas (words); lived abstraction (Gilbert Simondon). 

By the end of the course, you want to be able to see how you occupy ideas, abstractions and words; how you move about and how you conduct yourself in social space. How you write your narrative!

VI. “IS THERE A TEXT IN THIS CLASS?” 

For an online class, the Viewer takes on greater importance, because the interpretation of text and images are determined, at least in part, by the context in which they are received and viewed. It is you, as the audience, that plays an important role in producing meaning. And, you are together creating “interpretive communities” (Stanley Fish).

References:

1. Manuel Castells, 2010, The Rise Of The Network Society, Vol.1-3, Wiley-Blackwell

2. Margaret Dikovitskaya, 2005, Visual Culture, M.I.T. Press

3. David Harvey, 1990, The Condition of Post Modernity, Blackwell

4. Nicholas Mirzoeff, 2016, How To See The World, Basic Books

5. Mike Chang and Nigel Thrift, Eds, 2000, Thinking Space, Routledge

6. Zygmunt Bauman, 2003, Liquid Love, Polity

7. Anthony Giddens, 1986, The Constitution of Society, California University Press

8. Antonio Negri, 2008, The Porcelain Workshop: For a New Grammar of Politics, Semiotext(e)

9. Bruno Latour, 2007, Reassembling the Social, Oxford

10. Gilbert Simondon, 2012: Being and Technology, Arne De Boever (ed.) Edinburgh University Press 

VII. SKILL SET: DEVELOPING INITIATIVES OF SOFT POWER

Soft power is the ability to attract and co-opt, rather than coerce (hard power). Soft power is the ability to shape the preferences of others through appeal and attraction. The currency of soft power is culture, values and expressiveness. 

You are learning to influence your audience by developing “soft power,” i.e., the multiple and overlapping possibilities of endless writing and endless accumulation encompassing not only collectible objects and experiences but also a more abstract pursuit of the new, the life-changing, and the mind-altering.

Joseph Nye of Harvard University coined the term in a 1990 book, “Bound to Lead: The Changing Nature of American Power.” In this book, he wrote: “when one country gets other countries to want what it wants—might be called co-optive or soft power in contrast with the hard or command power of ordering others to do what it wants.” Nye further developed the concept in his 2004 book, “Soft Power: The Means to Success in World Politics.” 

In the course, you are expected to increase soft power, give a good narrative of your social group, and better communicate your messages to the world. In 2012, Nye explained that with soft power, "the best propaganda is not propaganda", further explaining that during the Information Age, "credibility is the scarcest resource."

In BUS 345, you are developing skills to convince viewers of the advantages of your semantic and action-orienting powers.

VIII. ASSESSMENT AND EVALUATION: FORMING A SOCIETY

In a digital world, we’re creating visual communities and networks that cut across (national) borders. Transnational corporations and nongovernmental actors, like yourselves, are playing larger roles. Many organizations seek to attract others into coalitions that cut across differences. Leadership becomes, in part, a competition for attractiveness, legitimacy, and credibility. The ability to share information—and to be believed—becomes an important source of attraction and power.

It is well documented that the relative role of soft power to hard power will increase in a global world. Your success under these circumstances will have the following two characteristics: multiple channels of communication that helped you frame issues; and, credibility that is enhanced by sustained practices and processes. When undertaking any developmental initiative, it is, ultimately, your sustained practices and processes that will determine success.

IX. GRADE: INDIVIDUATION 

Individuation (Glbert Simondon), or the way you distinguish yourself from others, is always in relationship and it is a process. Individuation makes awareness, action and evaluation possible. 

At the end of the day, after it is all said and done, your grade is determined by two things: level of engagement and creation of value. How often, how much and to what end did you develop and individuate yourself? 

You are expected to open and archive the following Topics:

1. Notes: Taking and Making Notes

2. Vocabulary: Developing concepts

3. Reading: Deconstructing Letters 

4. Interactive Assignments

5. Individual Assignments

X. GRADE: DISTRIBUTION

1. Transnational Organizations 25%

You are interacting online in groups of 3 during the semester. You are experientially learning about characteristics attributed to successful transnational organizations.

Namely, Integrated Networking Structures, Complex Adaptive Systems, Dynamic Decision-Making and Unique Innovative Capabilities.

2. Deep Reading: Concepts, Images, Frames, Perspectives: 25%

You are developing slower and essential cognitive processes such as critical thinking, reflection, and empathy—-all parts of deep reading. What you read, how you read, and why you read changes how you think. The quality of your reading is not only an index of the quality of your thought, it is the best-known path to developing whole new path-ways.

3. Deconstructing Letters: 25%

The act of taking on the perspective and feelings of others is communication effected in solitude and depicts an intimate emotional dimension within the reading experience. Through analogies, drawing inferences, and arriving at independent judgments, you will generate feelings and experiences.

4. Finally: A Selfie 25%

An exercise on visual reality: looking at yourself looking at yourself.

There will be privacy issues to consider if video is used to make recordings for course review. 

EPILOGUE

BUS345 is about becoming who you are. By completing the course, you are not arriving at any fixed destination nor will you find some permanent room with a view. But you will see and experience for yourselves that whenever you search for the highest, you become who you are. 

WELCOME TO BUSINESS IN SOCIETY

Addendum 1: Five Objectives stated by the University of Rhode Island

1. Acquiring skills in working with others as a member of a team.

2. Developing creative capacities (writing, inventing, designing, performing).

3. Developing skill in expressing oneself in writing.

4. Learning how to critically evaluate ideas, arguments, and points of view. 5. Acquiring an interest in learning more by asking questions and seeking answers.

Success requires that you keep pace with the work, understand course concepts, and study effectively.

The Academic Enhancement Center (www.uri.edu/aec) is a great place to do this. At the AEC you can work alone or in groups, and

tutors and professional learning specialists are available to help you to learn, manage your time and work, and study well. The URI Writing Center, located in Roosevelt Hall 009 (lower level, Memorial Union end), offers one-on-one and small group peer tutoring for student writers in all majors who need help developing ideas or would benefit from advice on any aspect of writing. The WC serve all student writers, not just “beginners.” Writers are encouraged to bring a draft, notes, syllabus, or any relevant information to help facilitate the session. Appointments are 45 minutes in length and can be scheduled online at uri.mywconline.com. It's best to make appointments in advance, especially during midterms and finals, but we often have same-day and drop-in appointments available throughout the day so writers can stop by to see what's open. For more information visit uri.edu/aec/writing.

They’re open Monday through Thursday from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. and Fridays until 1 p.m. All services are free (the coffee is free as well!), and no appointment is needed. You can call them for complete information at 874-2367, or just stop by the center on the fourth floor of Roosevelt Hall.

Addendum 2: Technologies underlying BUS 345

I. Fishbowl Technologies

Knowledge Outcomes 

provider and user value 

knowledge-workers 

ways of doing knowledge

range of experiences 

range of caring 

learning processes 

learning outcomes 

levels of engagement 

generating subjectivities 

interactive systems 

felt experiences 

relational practices 

dialogical exchanges 

sharing processes 

creating interactively 

working towards commonality 

show-up, turn-on and tune-in 

focused presence 

conversation and dialog 

constant assessing 

discerning emerging story-line 

increasing responsibility 

making commitment 

timely response 

transparency and authenticity 

engagement and impact 

attitude and motivation 

fundamental tools 

vocabulary and discourse 

resonance and calibration 

meaning and significance

II. Social Technologies

Computer-Mediated Communication 

Cyber Behavior 

E-Collaboration

End-User Computing

Human Aspects of Business 

Human Aspects of Technology 

Human Resources Development 

Human Computer Interaction 

Knowledge Society

Social Networking 

Ubiquitous and Pervasive Computing 

Virtual Communities and Virtual Reality

III. Educational Technologies

Adult Learning 

Applied E-Learning 

Cognitive Learning

Computer-Assisted Language Learning 

Distance Education 

Virtual Learning Environments 

Web-Based Teaching and Learning

IV. Intelligent Technologies

Complex Adaptive Systems 

Cognitive Informatics 

Collective Intelligence 

Computational Intelligence 

Computational Linguistics 

Computer Image and Vision Processing Cybernetics

Thank You

